话题 id: 12825066
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-07-21 08:40:17
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/12825066/
标题: 漂流美文
帖子内容: 
SummerOne has the leisure of July for perceiving all the differences of the green of leaves. It is no longer a difference in degrees of maturity, for all the trees have darkened to their final tone, and stand in their differences of character and not of mere date. Almost all the green is grave, not sad and not dull. It has a darkened and a daily color, in majestic but not obvious harmony with dark grey skies,and might look, to inconstant eyes, as prosaic after spring as eleven o'clock looks after the dawn.Gravity is the world—not solemnity as towards evening,nor menace as at night. The daylight trees of July are signs of common beauty, common freshness,and a mystery familiar and abiding as night and day. In childhood we all have a more exalted sense of dawn and summer sunrise than we ever fully retain or quite recover; and also a far higher sensibility for April and April evenings—a heartache for them, which in riper years is gradually and irretrievably consoled.But, on the other hand,childhood has so quickly learned to find daily things tedious, and familiar things importunate,that it has no great delight in the mere middle of the day,and feels weariness of the summer that has ceased to change visibly.The poetry of mere day and of late summer becomes perceptive to mature eyes that have long ceased to be sated, have taken leave of weariness, and cannot now find anything in nature too familiar; eyes which have, indeed, lost sight of the further awe of midsummer day break, and no longer see so much of the past in April twilight as they saw when they had no past; but which look freshly at the dailiness of green summer, of early afternoon, of every sky of any form that comes to pass, and of the darkened elms.Excerpt:From July.by Alice Meynell


评论内容：
评论id：142951687
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2010-07-22 13:44:39
内容：
有一点，自小到大从来没变，让我微微开心的从来占很多份额的主体都是天气。我喜欢晴天的蓝天啊白云啊，阳光在不同物体不同部位以不同角度给与的光线透射啊，各种不同颜色的绿色的黄色的红色的叶子啊，刮风啊，下雨啊，风流的秋高气爽瓜果飘香啊，繁忙的夏夜手起掌落啊，“啪!”拍你个蚊子! 太阳，美丽的太阳，夕阳，绚丽平和的夕阳，干干净净扑楞楞红着个小脸的晴朗的夕阳…… 啊! 还有闪电，雷雨，也有淅淅沥沥的小雨，阴愁不断的，整的哪里都有一股霉忽忽的味道，或者带着几分朗照活泼的小雨，给大风刮呀，飘飘洒洒，像被轻风撩起的面纱，像给我们这些个长脚能跑不能跑的作物洒水施浴，欢快得很。 哼，难怪了，我也很喜欢天气，我就喜欢天气，和农作生产啊经济啊什么的什么的什么的什么的都没有关系! 我就是喜欢天气。我喜欢大自然! 哈哈! : )

评论id：142952362
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2010-07-22 13:47:00
内容：
主帖今天再读，果然看到不同的东西，想是昨天没完全看明白的缘故？~.~好文读起来就是赏心悦目，虽然作者寓笔遗憾。嘿嘿~

