话题 id: 14219004
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-09-20 17:38:19
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/14219004/
标题: [atcl W 0002] BOOK Shallow Graves
帖子内容: 
Shallow GravesThe novels of Paul Auster.by James Wood NOVEMBER 30, 2009 Roger Phaedo had not spoken to anyone for ten years. He confined himself to his Brooklyn apartment, obsessively translating and retranslating the same short passage from Rousseau’s “Confessions.” A decade earlier, a mobster named Charlie Dark had attacked Phaedo and his wife. Phaedo was beaten to within an inch of his life; Mary was set on fire, and survived just five days in the I.C.U. By day, Phaedo translated; at night, he worked on a novel about Charlie Dark, who was never convicted. Then Phaedo drank himself senseless with Scotch. He drank to drown his sorrows, to dull his senses, to forget himself. The phone rang, but he never answered it. Sometimes, Holly Steiner, an attractive woman across the hall, would silently enter his bedroom, and expertly rouse him from his stupor. At other times, he made use of the services of Aleesha, a local hooker. Aleesha’s eyes were too hard, too cynical, and they bore the look of someone who had already seen too much. Despite that, Aleesha had an uncanny resemblance to Holly, as if she were Holly’s double. And it was Aleesha who brought Roger Phaedo back from the darkness. One afternoon, wandering naked through Phaedo’s apartment, she came upon two enormous manuscripts, neatly stacked. One was the Rousseau translation, each page covered with almost identical words; the other, the novel about Charlie Dark. She started leafing through the novel. “Charlie Dark!” she exclaimed. “I knew Charlie Dark! He was one tough cookie. That bastard was in the Paul Auster gang. I’d love to read this book, baby, but I’m always too lazy to read long books. Why don’t you read it to me?” And that is how the ten-year silence was broken. Phaedo decided to please Aleesha. He sat down, and started reading the opening paragraph of his novel, the novel you have just read.Yes, that précis is a parody of Paul Auster’s fiction, l’eau d’Auster in a sardonic sac. It is unfair, but diligently so, checking off most of his work’s familiar features. A protagonist, nearly always male, often a writer or an intellectual, lives monkishly, coddling a loss—a deceased or divorced wife, dead children, a missing brother. Violent accidents perforate the narratives, both as a means of insisting on the contingency of existence and as a means of keeping the reader reading—a woman drawn and quartered in a German concentration camp, a man beheaded in Iraq, a woman severely beaten by a man with whom she is about to have sex, a boy kept in a darkened room for nine years and periodically beaten, a woman accidentally shot in the eye, and so on. The narratives conduct themselves like realistic stories, except for a slight lack of conviction and a general B-movie atmosphere. People say things like “You’re one tough cookie, kid,” or “My pussy’s not for sale,” or “It’s an old story, pal. You let your dick do your thinking for you, and that’s what happens.” A visiting text—Chateaubriand, Rousseau, Hawthorne, Poe, Beckett—is elegantly slid into the host book. There are doubles, alter egos, doppelgängers, and appearances by a character named Paul Auster. At the end of the story, the hints that have been scattered like mouse droppings lead us to the postmodern hole in the book where the rodent got in: the revelation that some or all of what we have been reading has probably been imagined by the protagonist. Hey, Roger Phaedo invented Charlie Dark! It was all in his head. from the issuecartoon banke-mail thisPaul Auster’s latest book, “Invisible” (Holt; $25), though it has charm and vitality in places, conforms to the Auster model. It is 1967. Adam Walker, a young poet studying literature at Columbia, mourns the loss of his brother, Andy, who drowned in a lake ten years before the novel opens. At a party, Adam meets the flamboyant and sinister Rudolf Born, Swiss by birth, of German-speaking and French-speaking parentage. Born is a visiting professor, teaching the history of French colonial wars, about which he appears to have decided views. “War is the purest, most vivid expression of the human soul,” he tells a startled Adam. He tries to get Adam to sleep with his girlfriend. Later, we learn that he has worked clandestinely for the French government, and may even be a double agent. Perhaps because Rudolf Born is so obviously a figure from spy movies—Auster could have called his novel “The Born Supremacy”—he never sounds remotely like the person he’s supposed to be, a fastidious and well-educated French-speaking European of the nineteen-sixties. He says things like “Your ass will be so cooked, you won’t be able to sit down again for the rest of your life,” or “We’re still working on the stew” (about a lamb navarin), or “All I have to do is pull it out of my pants, piss on the fire, and the problem is solved.” He takes an immediate interest in Adam, and gives him money to set up a literary magazine. “I see something in you, Walker, something I like,” he says, sounding oddly like Burt Lancaster in “Local Hero,” “and for some inexplicable reason I find myself willing to take a gamble on you.” For “some inexplicable reason,” indeed: Auster anxiously confesses his own creative lack.This being an Auster novel, accidents visit the narrative like automobiles falling from the sky. One evening, while walking along Riverside Drive, Born and Walker are held up by a young black man, Cedric Williams. “The gun was pointed at us, and just like that, with a single tick of the clock, the entire universe had changed” is Walker’s banal gloss. Born refuses to hand over his wallet, draws a switchblade, and ruthlessly stabs the young man (whose gun, it turns out, was unloaded). Walker knows that he should call the police, but the next day Born sends a threatening letter: “Not a word, Walker. Remember: I still have the knife, and I’m not afraid to use it.” Full of shame, Walker goes to the authorities, but Born has left for Paris.One might tolerate the corny Born, and his cinemaspeak, if Adam Walker, who narrates much of the novel in one way or another, were not himself such a bland and slack writer. He is supposed to be a dreamy young poet, but he’s half in love with easeful cliché. Born “was just thirty-six, but already he was a burnt-out soul, a shattered wreck of a person,” we’re told. Adam has an affair with Born’s girlfriend, but “deep down I knew it was finished.” Born was “deep in his cups by the time he poured the cognac.” “Why? I said, still reeling from the impact of Born’s astounding recitation about my family.”Although there are things to admire in Auster’s fiction, the prose is never one of them. (Most of the secondhand cadences in my parody—about drinking to drown his sorrows, or the prostitute’s eyes being too hard and having seen too much—are taken verbatim from Auster’s previous work.) “Leviathan” (1992), for instance, is supposedly narrated by an American novelist, a stand-in for Paul Auster named Peter Aaron, who tells us about the doomed life of another writer, Benjamin Sachs. But Peter Aaron can’t be much of a writer. He describes Benjamin Sachs’s first novel like this: “It’s a whirlwind performance, a marathon sprint from the first line to the last, and whatever you might think of the book as a whole, it’s impossible not to respect the author’s energy, the sheer gutsiness of his ambitions.” Lest you are tempted to chalk all this up to an unreliable narrator—“But he’s supposed to write like that”—consider August Brill, the seventy-two-year-old literary critic who narrates Auster’s novel “Man in the Dark” (2008). Like Nathan Zuckerman in “The Ghost Writer,” he lies awake in a New England house, inventing fantastic fictions. (He imagines an alternative universe, in which America is fighting a bitter civil war over the fate of the 2000 election.) When he thinks about actual America, however, his language stiffens into boilerplate. Recalling the Newark riots of 1968, he describes a member of the New Jersey State Police, “a certain Colonel Brand or Brandt, a man of around forty with a razor-sharp crew cut, a square, clenched jaw, and the hard eyes of a marine about to embark on a commando mission.”Clichés, borrowed language, bourgeois bêtises are intricately bound up with modern and postmodern literature. For Flaubert, the cliché and the received idea are beasts to be toyed with and then slain. “Madame Bovary” actually italicizes examples of foolish or sentimental phrasing. Charles Bovary’s conversation is likened to a pavement, over which many people have walked; twentieth-century literature, violently conscious of mass culture, extends this idea of the self as a kind of borrowed tissue, full of other people’s germs. Among modern and postmodern writers, Beckett, Nabokov, Richard Yates, Thomas Bernhard, Muriel Spark, Don DeLillo, Martin Amis, and David Foster Wallace have all employed and impaled cliché in their work. Paul Auster is probably America’s best-known postmodern novelist; his “New York Trilogy” must have been read by thousands who do not usually read avant-garde fiction. Auster clearly shares this engagement with mediation and borrowedness—hence, his cinematic plots and rather bogus dialogue—and yet he does nothing with cliché except use it.This is bewildering, on its face, but then Auster is a peculiar kind of postmodernist. Or is he a postmodernist at all? Eighty per cent of a typical Auster novel proceeds in a manner indistinguishable from American realism; the remaining twenty per cent does a kind of postmodern surgery on the eighty per cent, often casting doubt on the veracity of the plot. Nashe, in “The Music of Chance” (1990), sounds as if he had sprung from a Raymond Carver story (although Carver would have written more interesting prose): He drove for seven straight hours, paused momentarily to fill up the tank with gas, and then continued for another six hours until exhaustion finally got the better of him. He was in north-central Wyoming by then, and dawn was just beginning to lift over the horizon. He checked into a motel, slept solidly for eight or nine hours, and then walked over to the diner next door and put away a meal of steak and eggs from the twenty-four-hour breakfast menu. By late afternoon, he was back in the car, and once again he drove clear through the night, not stopping until he had gone halfway through New Mexico. One reads Auster’s novels very fast, because they are lucidly written, because the grammar of the prose is the grammar of the most familiar realism (the kind that is, in fact, comfortingly artificial), and because the plots, full of sneaky turns and surprises and violent irruptions, have what the Times once called “all the suspense and pace of a bestselling thriller.” There are no semantic obstacles, lexical difficulties, or syntactical challenges. The books fairly hum along. The reason Auster is not a realist writer, of course, is that his larger narrative games are anti-realist or surrealist. In “The Music of Chance,” Nashe inherits money from his father, and goes on the road. Eventually, he meets a professional poker player named Jack Pozzi (the name suggestive of “jackpot,” and also of Pozzo from “Waiting for Godot”): “It was one of those random, accidental encounters that seem to materialize out of thin air.” For no very credible reason, Nashe decides to tag along with Pozzi: “It was as if he finally had no part in what was about to happen to him.” The pair end up in the Pennsylvania mansion of two eccentric millionaires, Flower and Stone. Pozzi loses all Nashe’s money in a poker game, and the unfortunate duo suddenly owe ten thousand dollars to Flower and Stone, who exact repayment by putting them to work on their estate: their job will be to build, by hand, a huge wall in a field. A trailer is prepared for their quarters. The estate has become a Sisyphean prison yard for Nashe and Pozzi, with Flower and Stone as unreachable gods (Flower’s name perhaps gesturing at God’s soft side, Stone’s at punishment). Nashe gnashes his teeth in this pastoral hell.In what is probably Auster’s best novel, “The Book of Illusions” (2002), David Zimmer, a professor of literature, holes up in Vermont, where he mourns the death of his wife and two sons in a plane crash. “For several months, I lived in a blur of alcoholic grief and self-pity,” he says. By chance, he sees a silent film starring Hector Mann, a brilliant actor who disappeared in 1929, and who, it was thought, never made another film. Zimmer decides to write a book about Mann, and the best part of the novel is Auster’s painstaking and vivid fictional re-creation of the career of a silent-movie actor of the nineteen-twenties. But the story soon hurtles into absurdity. After his book on Hector Mann is published, Zimmer receives a letter from Mann’s wife, Frieda: Mann is alive, though dying, in New Mexico; Zimmer must come at once. He does nothing about the letter, and one evening a strange woman named Alma arrives at Zimmer’s house. She orders him, at gunpoint, to the New Mexico ranch. Second-rate dialogue is copiously exchanged. “I’m not your friend. . . . You’re a phantom who wandered in from the night, and now I want you to go back out there and leave me alone,” Zimmer tells Alma, in one of those ritual moments of temporary resistance we know so well from bad movies. (“Well, buddy, you can count me out of this particular bank heist.”) Alma explains to Zimmer that Hector Mann disappeared in order to hide the traces of a murder: Mann’s fiancée accidentally shot his jealous girlfriend. The rest of the book speeds along like something written by a hipper John Irving: Zimmer goes to the ranch with the mysterious Alma; meets Hector Mann, who dies almost immediately; Alma kills Hector’s wife, and then commits suicide. And at the end, making good on many helpful suggestions throughout the book, we are encouraged to believe that David Zimmer invented everything we have just read: it was the fiction he needed to raise himself from the near-death of his mourning.What is problematic about these books is not their postmodern skepticism about the stability of the narrative, which is standard-issue fare, but the gravity and the emotional logic that Auster tries to extract from the “realist” side of his stories. Auster is always at his most solemn at those moments in his books which are least plausible and most ragingly unaffecting. One never really believes in Nashe’s bleak solitude, or in David Zimmer’s alcoholic grief. In “City of Glass” (1985), Quinn, the protagonist, decides to impersonate a private investigator (who happens to be named Paul Auster). Though he is a solitary writer, and has never done any detective work before, he takes on a case that involves protecting a young man from a potentially violent and insane father, whom he must shadow. He pursues this lunatic father with desperate fervor throughout the book. The motive? Quinn’s loss of his wife and son, who died several years before the book begins. Quinn, Auster writes,wanted to be there to stop him. He knew he could not bring his own son back to life, but at least he could prevent another from dying. It had suddenly become possible to do this, and standing there on the street now, the idea of what lay before him loomed up like a terrible dream. This is the kind of balsa-wood backstory that is knocked into Hollywood plots every day. Now, a certain kind of comic postmodernist could play such stuff for laughs, much as, say, the early postmodern Irish writer Flann O’Brien brilliantly undermines all conventional motive and consequence in his hilarious novel “The Third Policeman.” But Auster, unlike the reader, seems to believe in the actuality of his characters’ motives. He is only ever unwittingly funny. In “The Book of Illusions,” an excruciating example of this unintended comedy occurs when Alma tells David Zimmer that Hector Mann and Frieda had a son, Tad, who died as a small child. “Imagine the effect it had on them,” she says. Zimmer, who lost his two sons, Marco and Todd, in the plane crash that also killed his wife, says, “I know what you’re talking about. No mental gymnastics required to understand the situation. Tad and Todd. It can’t get any closer than that, can it?” The reader has the urge to blow a Flann O’Brien-size raspberry. Zimmer sounds less like a grieving father than like a canny deconstructionist leading a graduate seminar: two dead sons, one named Tad and the other Todd! But Auster is death-suited and thin-lipped here: he wants both the emotional credibility of conventional realism and a frisson of postmodern wordplay (a single vowel separates the names, and Tod is German for “death”). What Auster often gets instead is the worst of both worlds: fake realism and shallow skepticism. The two weaknesses are related. Auster is a compelling storyteller, but his stories are assertions rather than persuasions. They declare themselves; they hound the next revelation. Because nothing is persuasively assembled, the inevitable postmodern disassembly leaves one largely untouched. (The disassembly is also grindingly explicit, spelled out in billboard-size type.) Presence fails to turn into significant absence, because presence was not present enough. This is the crevasse that divides Auster from novelists like José Saramago, or the Philip Roth of “The Ghost Writer.” Saramago’s realism is braced with skepticism, so his skepticism feels real. Roth’s narrative games emerge naturally from his consideration of ordinary human ironies and comedies; they do not start life as allegories about the relativity of mimesis, though they may become them. Saramago and Roth both assemble and disassemble their stories in ways that seem fundamentally grave. Auster, despite all the games, is the least ironic of contemporary writers. Read Adam Walker’s profession of mortification in “Invisible”: After torturing myself for close to a week, I finally found the courage to call my sister again, and when I heard myself spewing out the whole sordid business to Gwyn over the course of our two-hour conversation, I realized that I didn’t have a choice. I had to step forward. If I didn’t talk to the police, I would lose all respect for myself, and the shame of it would go on haunting me for the rest of my life. A narrator who trades in such banalities is difficult to credit, and the writer who lends him those words seems uninterested in persuading us that they mean anything. But, once again, here is an Auster character keen to urge on us, in words of air, the gravity of his motives, the depths of his anguish: “This failure to act is far and away the most reprehensible thing I have ever done, the low point in my career as a human being.” This shame supposedly determines the course of Walker’s life. Later in the year, in Paris, he runs into Born again, and hatches a plan for revenge. Walker “has never been a vengeful person, has never actively sought to hurt anyone, but Born is in a different category, Born is a killer, Born deserves to be punished, and for the first time in his life Walker is out for blood.”You will notice that the novel’s narration has switched from first person to third person—and that the novel’s prose has not adjusted its awfulness. The switch in narration is less complex than it seems. An Austerian framing device is at work. Walker’s account of how he met Born in 1967 (the first section of the novel) is revealed, in the novel’s second section, to be a manuscript, which he has been working on as an adult, and which he has sent to his old Columbia friend James Freeman, now a well-known writer. Freeman is the only person in possession of this text, which recounts Walker’s youthful adventures in New York and Paris, and which moves among first-, second-, and third-person narration. The second section of Walker’s narrative contains a scandalous (and quite touching) account of an incestuous affair that Walker carried on with his sister, Gwyn, in the summer of 1967, just before he left for Paris. Auster’s writing stirs in this passage about taboo-breaking, almost as if the radicalism of the content challenged something in his prose: the story has a vividness and pathos largely absent from the rest of the book. Later in the novel, after the death of Adam Walker, James Freeman sends Walker’s manuscript to Gwyn, who denies the incest. The reader is free to infer that Walker invented the relationship with his sister, in part as a way of compensating for the grief of his lost brother. Perhaps he also invented Born’s murder of Cedric Williams, and for similar reasons. Unwisely, the novel ends by returning to its least plausible character, Rudolf Born, who is glimpsed, in the present day, now fat and old, and living on a Caribbean island, looked after by servants in expensive isolation, like Dr. No gone to seed. The vitality of the passage about Adam Walker’s possible incest is squeezed at either end by the flamboyantly unreal Born.The classic formulations of postmodernism, by philosophers and theorists like Maurice Blanchot and Ihab Hassan, emphasize the way that contemporary language abuts silence. For Blanchot, as indeed for Beckett, language is always announcing its invalidity. Texts stutter and fragment, shred themselves around a void. Perhaps the strangest element of Auster’s reputation as an American postmodernist is that his language never registers this kind of absence at the level of the sentence. The void is all too speakable in Auster’s work. The pleasing, slightly facile books come out almost every year, as tidy and punctual as postage stamps, and the applauding reviewers line up like eager stamp collectors to get the latest issue. Peter Aaron, the narrator of “Leviathan,” whose prose is so pressureless, claims that “I have always been a plodder, a person who anguishes and struggles over each sentence, and even on my best days I do no more than inch along, crawling on my belly like a man lost in the desert. The smallest word is surrounded by acres of silence for me.” Not enough silence, alas. ♦http://www.newyorker.com/arts/critics/books/2009/11/30/091130crbo_books_wood?currentPage=all【上行】On Writing http://www.douban.com/group/topic/13307251/


（无评论）
