话题 id: 14757601
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-10-12 11:12:38
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/14757601/
标题: 标题：[atcl M 0006] Carnival Air Fills Chilean Camp as Miners' Rescue Nears
帖子内容: 
October 10, 2010Carnival Air Fills Chilean Camp as Miners’ Rescue NearsBy ALEXEI BARRIONUEVOSAN JOSÉ MINE, Chile — Clowns dance and pass out caramels. The wives and girlfriends of the 33 trapped miners are picking out sexy lingerie and getting their hair and nails done to receive their men. And relatives of the miners trapped nearly half a mile underground for more than two months have learned a new phrase — “motor home” — from their hundreds of new journalist friends. Such is life in Camp Hope, a moonlike outpost that has sprouted up as the temporary refuge for family members and about 1,300 journalists, many of whom have arrived in recent days to this gold and copper mine in northern Chile. “It looks like a circus around here, but it’s a good kind of circus,” said Lilianett Gómez, 30, one of four daughters of Mario Gómez, the oldest of the trapped miners. After two levels of the mine collapsed on Aug. 5 and contact with the miners was lost, family members set up camp here, hoisting tents and a statue of San Lorenzo, the patron saint of miners. For days they barely slept as they waited and prayed for a sign that the men were alive. On Aug. 22, their prayers were answered with the news that all 33 had managed to make it safely to an area of about 600 square feet and that they were organizing themselves for what they knew would be months of waiting. The government of President Sebastián Piñera quickly moved in with more resources, setting up temporary dwellings for family members. Cellphone and wi-fi connections followed. Today the camp is dotted with Chilean flags, hanging laundry and posters with messages of support for the miners. Volunteer clowns roam the dusty roads blowing plastic horns and entertaining miners’ children, who study during the week in a makeshift classroom. Despite its isolation, there is rarely a quiet moment at the camp. Musicians perform on a small stage in front of the cafeteria tent. A barbershop quartet sang last Wednesday afternoon. There was a children’s costume party on Sunday morning with boys dressed as Spiderman and girls as witches. And there seems to be a constant stream of religious services, including a Mass on Sunday afternoon filmed by some 40 journalists, where Samuel Cerna, a Catholic missionary who drove eight hours to reach the mine, included them in his motivational sermon. City workers from Copiapó, the nearest city, have provided free hot lunches and coffee for both families and the journalists. A searing sun burns the skin during daylight hours. But around 5:30 p.m., the temperature plummets, just as the women who work in the cafeteria are handing out hot chocolate. Soon everyone at Camp Hope is bundling up in heavy jackets and wool caps. Seventy police officers guard the camp. The journalists who have invaded Camp Hope — representing more than 200 foreign media outlets and 50 Chilean ones —record seemingly every move of family members and government officials as they wait for the moment when the men who have survived for 67 days in a sunless, humid, confined space deep in the earth are lifted to freedom. They have come from 33 countries on five continents, from Japan to Hungary to South Africa, a government spokesman said Sunday. The government will transmit the rescue of the miners, which is expected to begin on Wednesday and to take up to two days, via a free, live satellite feed to the world. More media outlets are covering the fate of the miners than reported on Chile’s 8.8-magnitude earthquake last Feb. 27 , one of the most potent in human history, said Tomás Urzúa, a government spokesman. The quake killed some 300 people and left swaths of rubble in cities and towns across the country. For the miners’ family members, who are simple, working-class people, what has happened at Camp Hope has been surreal. Ms. Gómez came here from Iquique, a city about 600 miles to the north, to be closer to her father, who is 63. At first, she said, she was surprised by the number of journalists who had descended on Camp Hope. “I’ve been interviewed by people from as far away as China,” she said. She added: “Over all, I think they’re here to help and transmit our struggle to the world. The conversations we’ve had around the fire have served to make us some new friends.” Chilean officials have tried to play down the importance of the rescue to Chile’s image and to that of Mr. Piñera’s government. “I have no problem with the idea that everybody is watching this,” Laurence Golborne, the mining minister, who has become the country’s most popular minister, said Sunday. “We are very focused on rescuing these guys. I don’t give too much attention to that.” Still, the Chilean government, which is spending millions of dollars on the rescue effort, seems always to be one step ahead of the growing international horde. In the past week earth-moving vehicles have cleared new parking lots, and new cell towers have sprouted up to ensure that the media have high-speed Internet and cellphone connections. More portable toilets have appeared. (The BBC rented four toilets for its team of more than three dozen reporters and technicians, but has scaled back to two.) “We are on the surface of the moon here, it’s rocks and sand,” said Jeffrey Kofman, a Latin America correspondent for ABC News. “Yet the Chileans understand that in a certain way this media event, not by design but by circumstance, is really going to paint the world’s perception of this small country.” As drill operators neared the miners last week, Chilean officials began preparing for the first big moments since the men were found alive. A poster went up near the entrance to the mine with the faces of all 33 inside a large star. On Saturday morning, operators of a portable drilling rig broke through to the miners 2,050 feet underground. Sirens blared and a city worker rang a bell for an hour at the schoolhouse. Now, as workers encase the top of the rescue hole with steel tubing, the miners’ wives and girlfriends are determined to look their best. On Saturday the mother of one miner handed out sexy lingerie that she had received from an anonymous donor to her son’s wife and the wife of another miner. A social worker came to the camp early Sunday to do manicures and style the women’s hair. Some wives have begun trying to negotiate fees for interviews in what will be a feeding frenzy once the miners reach the surface. Chilean officials seem unconcerned. “We have to respect a lot the freedom that any person has in this country,” Mr. Golborne said Sunday in response to a question about the fee solicitations. “We will be there to provide emotional and psychological support, legal support if they require it, but each person should decide what to do with their own lives.” Simon Romero contributed reporting.http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/11/world/americas/11chile.html?th&emc=th【上行】[atcl] media current http://www.douban.com/group/topic/12307737/


（无评论）
