话题 id: 15209136
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-10-28 09:58:02
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/15209136/
标题: 标题：[atcl M  0008] Indonesia Struggling After Disasters
帖子内容: 
Villagers prayed at the burial of a victim of the Mount Merapi eruption at Umbulhardjo village in Sleman, on the island of Java, on Wednesday. More Photos »By AUBREY BELFORDPublished: October 27, 2010JAKARTA, Indonesia — Indonesia moved to count the costs and help survivors on Wednesday after a tsunami and volcanic eruptions struck separate parts of the country, killing at least 300 people and driving tens of thousands from their homes. In the worst-hit region, the Mentawai Islands off western Sumatra, health and rescue workers managed to reach only some isolated areas nearly two days after a powerful magnitude 7.7 underwater quake sent a wave more than 10 feet high crashing into coastal villages. Ade Edward, head of operations of the Disaster Management Agency in West Sumatra Province, said the tsunami had killed at least 272 people and left 412 missing. About 16,000 people were displaced, officials said. At the same time, aid workers about 750 miles to the east, on the island of Java, scrambled to provide water, food and medicine to tens of thousands of people driven from their homes after eruptions of the Mount Merapi volcano killed at least 29, obliterated houses in bursts of hot gas, and spread ash and debris over the surrounding densely populated countryside. Mr. Edward acknowledged that Indonesia’s tsunami warning system did not cover the Mentawais but said this was because of the short time it would take for a wave caused by an undersea quake along the nearby fault line to reach them. “There is no technology that could give a warning in under five minutes,” he said. Bad weather and powerful waves delayed efforts to reach many of the survivors in the Mentawais, Mr. Edward said. “All along the coast, people have fled up into the hills because quakes are happening nearly on the hour,” he said. “These quakes are forcing us to set up temporary shelters. It’s really tough work.” Ships and helicopters had been sent to the impoverished islands, along with medical teams, shelters, medicine and two electricity-generating barges, Mr. Edward said. Downed communications meant that radio was the only way to communicate with many areas, he said. He said that most of the dead were local fishermen. “People on land felt the quake and ran to higher ground,” he said. “The people at sea had no idea there was a quake.” The two disasters, which struck within 24 hours of each other, prompted President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono to cut short a trip to Vietnam, where he was to attend a summit meeting of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations on Thursday. Instead, he flew to Sumatra and was expected to visit the Mentawais early Thursday, a government statement said. The vice president, Boediono, was in the village of Dusun Muntei Baru-Baru, in the Mentawais, according to his Web site: “What’s important now is how we handle this. We must be ready, whatever happens. The nation of Indonesia is surely able to overcome this because our ancestors for thousands of years were able to hold on in this land.” In Java, much of the day was consumed with counting the cost of Mount Merapi’s eruptions. Although the authorities had issued warnings, many people had delayed evacuating until late Tuesday. Among those killed was an elderly man — Penewu Suraksohargo, popularly known as Mbah Maridjan — widely believed to have a supernatural connection with Mount Merapi. He did not leave, prompting others to stay. Fifteen people were killed with him when superheated gases and hot ash shot down into his village, destroying it. “A lot of people there believed in Mbah Maridjan,” said Priyadi Kardono, a spokesman for the National Disaster Management Agency. “If Mbah Maridjan said leave, they’d leave. Mbah Maridjan didn’t leave — he probably thought nothing was wrong — so the others wouldn’t have wanted to leave either. “No one, not even the president, could ask him to leave. Even though the government had ordered an evacuation, he wouldn’t listen.” Villagers in temporary shelters faced shortages of breathing masks, medicines and water, said Aswi Reksaningtyas, a national spokeswoman for the Indonesian Red Cross. Surono, the head of Indonesia’s Volcanology and Geological Disaster Mitigation Center, said it was uncertain if the eruptions of the volcano meant that it had let off enough steam or if a larger outburst was due. “There was certainly a reduction in activity today,” he said. “I don’t know if Merapi is going to stop. It’s too early to say.” Henry Fountain contributed reporting from New York.http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/28/world/asia/28indo.html?_r=1&th&emc=th【上行】[atcl] media current http://www.douban.com/group/topic/12307737/


（无评论）
