话题 id: 15342793
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-11-02 18:11:56
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/15342793/
标题: 标题：[atcl W 0004] AUTHOR Being Off-centre：Orhan Pamuk on Mario Vargas Llosa
帖子内容: 
【In this kind of fiction, the problems of originality do not engage the author in an obsessive dialogue with a father-figure or a precursor, because he realizes that the freshness of his subject-matter, the novelty of his geographical location, and even the new readership that he is addressing, will grant him an authenticity.】【His youthful hatred of the Peruvian bourgeoisie, who he said were "more stupid than the rest" and did not read books, his complaint that "Peruvian contributions" to world literature were scarce and poor, his dream of going to live in Europe, and the hunger he felt for non-Peruvian literature, are signs that beneath the singular voice of Vargas Llosa there is a painful awareness of being off-centre. 】Is there such a thing as Third World literature? Is it possible, without being parochial and vulgar, to distinguish the essential features of the literatures of Third World countries? At best, as employed in the writings of Edward Said, the concept has helped to illuminate the multiplicity and diversity of the off-centre literatures, their non-Westernness, the idea of nationalism. At worst, elaborations on the concept of Third World literature, such as national allegories, are ways of politely evading the complexity and richness of whole continents of literatures. Borges began writing his short stories and essays in the Argentina of the 1930s, a Third World country by any standards, but his central place in world literature today is indisputable.Yet there is a peculiar way of writing fiction in such countries, which is marked less by the writer's off-centre location than by his awareness of it, and Mario Vargas Llosa's work is a good example. What characterizes this kind of fiction is not the presence of off-centre problems - say, the social location of a "peripheral" country (although the social problems of Peru are everywhere in abundance in Vargas Llosa's fiction) - but the writer's way of relating himself to a real or imaginary centre of creativity where the main problems of his art are posed. What is crucial here is the writer's acceptance of his exile from where the history of his art is made. This is not necessarily a geographical exile (as in the case of Vargas Llosa, who spent most of his creative life not in his Peru but in Europe, at the centre of Western civilization), may sometimes be self-imposed and often relieves the author from the "anxiety of influence".  In this kind of fiction, the problems of originality do not engage the author in an obsessive dialogue with a father-figure or a precursor, because he realizes that the freshness of his subject-matter, the novelty of his geographical location, and even the new readership that he is addressing, will grant him an authenticity.In one of the early pieces in Making Waves, Vargas Llosa reviews Simone de Beauvoir's novel Les Belles Images. He congratulates her for writing an excellent novel and for not being overshadowed by the authors of the "nouveau roman" who were fashionable at the time, whom he finds increasingly weak. The greatest merit of Simone de Beauvoir's novel, according to the young Vargas Llosa, is "to have made use of" the forms and expressive modes of Robbe-Grillet, Nathalie Sarraute, Butor and Beckett for her own purposes, which were quite different from theirs.This notion of "using" other authors' philo-sophies and techniques surfaces in an essay on Sartre. Vargas Llosa in his later years found Sartre's fiction to be humourless and lacking in mystery, his essays clear but politically confusing, and his art dated and unoriginal. He regrets having been so much influenced and even confused by him in his Marxist youth. His dis-illusionment, Vargas Llosa tells us, occurred in the summer of 1964, when in a notorious interview in Le Monde, Sartre, comparing literature to a child dying of hunger in a Third World country, implied that writing fiction is a luxury that can only be permitted with good conscience in prosperous and just societies. Yet Sartre's rational reasoning and his conviction that literature could never be a game, Vargas Llosa admits, were "useful", for they helped him to organize his life; they were a valuable guide to the labyrinth of culture and politics. This seemingly rational approach to inspiration, to the usefulness of other authors' inventions, and the constant awareness of being off-centre mark a certain naivety (a quality Vargas Llosa says Sartre lacks) and vitality which are felt not only in his early essays and book reviews, but other auto-biographical pieces in Making Waves as well.Making Waves is a collection of essays and reviews, chronicling Vargas Llosa's heartfelt involvement in the literary and political events of the past thirty years. The book is extremely readable and Vargas Llosa is always engaging, whether the subject is his son's involvement with Rastafarians, the political profile of Nicaragua at the hands of the Marxist Sandinistas in 1985, or the World Cup in Spain in 1982. His literary heroes include Camus, whom he confesses he read dispassionately in his youth because of Sartre's strong influence; only years later, after a terrorist attack in Lima, did he read Camus's essay on violence in history, The Rebel, and realized that he preferred him to Sartre. His praise for Sartre's essays, that they go straight to "the essential point", is also true for most of the essays in Making Waves.Sartre is a problematic character, perhaps even a father-figure for Vargas Llosa. John Dos Passos, whom Sartre so much admired and was influenced by, is dear to him as well, for more or less the same reasons: his lack of sentimentality and invention of narrative techniques. Vargas Llosa himself later used these techniques in his novels (as Sartre did). Doris Lessing's Golden Notebook is praised as a good example of a "committed" novel in the "Sartrean definition" of the term; that is, a book "rooted in the debates, myths and violence of its time". Of all the writers Vargas Llosa is genuinely interested in and wrote about - including Joyce, Hemingway, and Bataille - Faulkner is the one he has the highest praise for and admits to being heavily influenced by. Most of his comments on the formal in-genuity of Faulkner's novels, in an essay on Sanctuary, are relevant to his own novels as well. In fact, Vargas Llosa's observation that in Sanctuary the scenes are juxtaposed, rather than dissolving into each other, is even truer of his own fiction. This technique also appears in his new novel, Death in the Andes, which is crammed with voices, stories and comments, the continuity of which is ruthlessly broken.While there is a strong intention to by-pass the worn-out modernistic as- sumptions about "Third World" countries in Death in the Andes, this is not a post-modern novel as , say, Gravity's Rainbow is. The image of "the other" as an irrational being, and all the other elements that are usually associated with this kind of reasoning - magic, rituals, strange landscapes and brutality - abound in the book. Yet one does not read it as a novel illustrating vulgar generalizations about "the other", but as a playful, often funny, realistic text that derives strength from its being a reliable chronicle of the real events that take place in everyday life in Peru. The capture of a small town by the guerrillas and the trials that follow, or a melo-dramatic love-affair between a prostitute and a soldier, have the plausibility of a convincing reportage. The Peru of Death in the Andes is a country "no one can understand", a place where everyone complains about his miserable salary and the stupidity of risking one's neck for it. Although he has always been experimental, Vargas Llosa is one of the most realistic of the Latin American writers."What does it mean to be a writer in Peru?" he asks in Making Waves, in an article on the early death of Sebasti n Salazar Bondy, one of the country's most successful authors. It is easy to identify with the fury of young Vargas Llosa, who says that every Peruvian writer is defeated in the end, not only because there are no readers and publishers in Peru, but because writers who resist and try to find ways of protecting themselves against "the poverty, the ignorance or the hostility of the environment" are treated as lunatics, destined either for an unreal existence or exile. His youthful hatred of the Peruvian bourgeoisie, who he said were "more stupid than the rest" and did not read books, his complaint that "Peruvian contributions" to world literature were scarce and poor, his dream of going to live in Europe, and the hunger he felt for non-Peruvian literature, are signs that beneath the singular voice of Vargas Llosa there is a painful awareness of being off-centre. full text http://entertainment.timesonline.co.uk/tol/arts_and_entertainment/the_tls/article7167426.ecefr: http://site.douban.com/widget/notes/134616/note/98540619/【上行】On Writing http://www.douban.com/group/topic/13307251/


（无评论）
