话题 id: 1605925
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2007-05-14 12:58:30
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/1605925/
标题: 10000 vocabulary/10days
帖子内容: 
本版教程为毕克所著目的是在十天内提高单词量到10000 学习要求是脱口背诵,每天学习6小时.Vocabulary 10000Lesson 1 A monument was built to commemorate the victory.The children huddled together for warmth.Censure is sometimes harder to bear than punishment.The new vaccine eradicated all traces of the disease within three months.The barbarians defiled the church by using it as a stable.The pregnant woman has an enlarged abdomen.The lost hikers were bereft of hope when the rescue plane did not see them.The children were bereaved by the death of their parents.This battlefield is consecrated to the memory of the soldiers who died here.A good joke does not necessarily evoke a hearty laugh.Wheels left grooves in a muddy dirt road.The old car jolted its passengers badly as it went over the rough road.Bowing to greet a lady is now an obsolete custom.Many wild animals prowl at night looking for something to eat.The children scooped holes in the sand.Diplomats are interested in the status of world affairs.The farmer sued the railroad station because his cow was killed by the train.The counter of the sink has many grooves along which the water will run off.The cat prowled around the cellar looking for mice.We all sympathized with the husband who was bereaved of his beloved wife.Her singing evoked admiration from the public.We still use this machine though it is obsolete.The bandit in a typical Western movie rides a horse and goes armed, either alone or in a group.Christmas commemorates the birth of Jesus Christ.The children‘s muddy shoes defiled all the rugs in the hotel.Running in the hall is a deviation from the school rules and will not be allowed.She could bear the disappointments of other people with tolerable fortitude.The little girl was inconsolable at the loss of her kitten.Aren’t you hungry? You are only nibbling your food.The coronation of the new king was a splendid pageant.After the scourge of flood usually comes the scourge of disease.The crippled child tumbled down the stairs and was badly hurt.The iron in the ship caused a deviation of the magnetic needle of the compass.A marathon runner must have great fortitude to run such a long distance.The pretty girl‘s reputation was defiled by malicious gossips.The boy is just learning to walk; he is always tumbling over the floor.The inauguration ceremony of the new President was a splendid pageant.There are many illnesses, which afflict old people.His employer censured him for neglecting his work.The thief intruded into the house with caution and dissimulation.Nowadays, it is an inhumane punishment to flog the disobedient soldiers or sailors.According to the inscription on its cornerstone, this building was erected in 1919.The gifts of charity meddled with a man’s private affair.He doesn‘t sit straight: his posture is very bad.John rummaged all the drawers to find his gloves.The water spouted out when the pipe was broken. The climber traversed a long horizontal crack in the face of the mountain slope.A child stood looking with wistful eyes at the toys in the shop window.He was flogging his horse in a very cruel way.She rummaged change from the bottom of her purse.The law does not meddle unduly with a person‘s private life.The lights traversed the sky searching for enemy planes.The inscription on the ancient monument was very hard to read.The amicable flash of her white teeth was very impressive.The soldiers are very exhausted for they have advanced forward without rest in a blizzard.If I were rich, I would like to cruise in the Southern Pacific for six months in a private yacht.Yellow fever has been eradicated in the United States but it still exists in some countries.The doctor‘s report gave us only a glimmer of hope.On his desk, many articles and documents are always piled in great lump.The woman ransacked the house for her lost jewelry.He slashed a path through the high grass with a long knife.Out feet slumped repeatedly through the melting ice.That pop-song had a great vogue at one time.Enemy soldiers ransacked the city and carried off its treasures.Tired from his long walk, he slumped into a chair.We saw the glimmer of a distant light through the trees.He used to have a great vogue as a film actor, but no one goes to the cinema to see him now.What the Ice Age did was to eradicate the abundant mammalian life in the Northern Hemisphere.He ascribes his success to skill and hard work.The soldiers kept their heads down behind the bulwark.She looked around this way and that in a dubious manner.Selfishness was a facet of his character that we seldom saw before.For the first time he had to pay heed to his appearance, and in fact he became very well-dressed from then on.The boys huddled together under the rock to keep warm.The old man mumbled something to me, but I could not understand him.This ruined bridge is a relic of the Korean War in 1950.Automobile exhaust fumes are one of the major causes of smog.The thirsty wayfarer was glad to find a fresh spring near the road.He always speaks with his mouth full of food, it is his wont.Four people were huddled under one umbrella to avoid the sudden shower.I‘m feeling better than yesterday, but it is dubious that I can go to school tomorrow.No one knows who wrote that play, but it is usually ascribed to Cyril Tourneur.We believe that a free press and free speech are bulwarks of democracy.Take heed of what I say, or you will fail in the final examination.Lesson 23Civilized people believe in humane treatment of prisoners.The equator is an imaginary circle around the earth.Because he wasn‘t working hard, he is liable to fail.He sat alone after the battle, mourning over the loss of his best friend.A psychiatrist can help some people to understand their subconscious urges.He has to leave now, he lives farther from here than I do.All the members of the committee agreed to inquire further into the matter.The man living next door hanged himself in sorrow after his wife died.We hung our reproduction of “Mona Liza” above the fireplace.Tainan is one of the historic spots that you should visit.Upon retiring from the office, the President gave all the historical papers to the library.The philosopher claims that kindness is a human trait, but I don‘t believe it.Humane people are considerate of not only other people but also animals.Some people do not believe that ghosts are not real but imaginary beings.The imaginative child always likes to make up fairy tales. Bessie Smith was an incomparable singer in her days.It is foolish to compare horses with airplanes. They are incomparable.Some old superstitions seem incredible to most educated people.People nowadays are incredulous about ghosts and witches.The gentleman laid his land on his son‘s shoulder.The wounded soldier was lying on the battlefield.This kind of shoe is apt to slip on wet ground.Henry is an apt student of the practical science.Children under the age of 10 are all liable to diseases.He declared that he was not liable for his wife‘s debts.The weather forecast says that it‘s likely to be hot tomorrow.The backyard of our house has a luxuriant growth of weeds.She is too proud, too luxurious to marry an ordinary person like you.From time to time, during the night, there was a moan of pain from the sick man.The whole nation mourned the death of the much-loved President.The company will give only oral tests to the applicants.This written report contains both a verbal description and a sketch of the building.The minister made a personal visit to the scene of the fighting.The general issued an order to capture the hill to all personnel.The man seemed poor, but he was respectably dressed.Children should speak respectfully to their elders.The first, second, and third prizes went to Jack, George, and Frank respectively.She raised her finger to her lips as a sign for silence.The farmer raises cattle and crops.The sun will rise at 5:45 tomorrow morning.We have to go to the government patent office to register the new trademark. It is safe to register the letter containing the check.Go to the registrar of the university to know your grades.The boat we are on is the best sailor in the fleet.The men in our navy are called sailors if they are not officers.A group of college professors were waiting in the main salon to see the Minister of Education.The ship‘s passengers have their dinners in the dining saloon.It was certain that Oswald might have a subconscious desire to injure his underling.Edina was unconscious for two hours after the accident.The general was unconscious of being followed by the spy.The club’s secretary prepared several transcripts of minutes of the meeting.The transcription of words into phonetic symbols requires special training.Lesson 24The woman knelt before the altar to pray to God for her son‘s safe return.If it rains, we have to alter our plan to have a picnic on Sunday.Chinese mountain climbers made a successful ascent of Mt. McKinley in North America.I won‘t give my assent to her plan because it is not well prepared.There are several old cannons on the wall of the castle.This canon has been enacted by the church council very recently.Some of the tops of sneakers are made of canvas.The sales representative canvassed the whole city for subscriptions of the magazine.The cession of the territory could not be avoided because they lost the war.Be seated! The court is now in session.The soldier fainted at the sight of his own blood.The color became faint as the sunset.He feinted with his left hand and hit me with his right.In recent years there has been an intention of the struggle for political power in the country.She felt offended at my remarks, but it wasn‘t my intention to hurt her.There is nothing that we can do now but pray God helps us in our troubles.The lion seized its prey and ate it.Chicago is the principal city in the Midwest of the United States.The principal told the teachers to dismiss (suspend) school during the heavy snowstorm.This country was founded on the principle of individual freedom for all.The population of France remained stationary almost for a century.Herbert bought a notebook at the stationery store.Please write your name and address on this paper.The President addressed the nation on the subject of war and peace.Darkness is an attribute of night, as brightness is that of day.We attribute Edison‘s success to intelligence and hard work.The teachers appointed a committee of five members to plan the class picnic.The court appointed Mr.Lansing as the committee that would take care of the boy’s property.She likes music very much,she never misses a concert.We concerted on the most proper methods for speedily executing the manager’s instructions.I tried but couldn’t understand the content of his speech.John contented himself with two glasses of beer even though he could have had more.Honest but poor is the converse of poor but honest.He conversed with his wife about the summer vacation.The Sahara is a great desert in the northern part of Africa.After the family deserted the farm, its buildings fell to ruin. (=fell out of use).The publisher decided to publish a digest /summary of international law.I like milk very much, but I can’t digest /catch it very well.Most animals have an instinct to protect their young.Her face was instinct with benevolence and kindness.Although the governor knew many peoples, he had few intimates.He intimated /suggested indirectly that he was dissatisfied with his job.The train arrived at exactly /punctually four minutes past eight.There has been a minute improvement in the working conditions of the factory.A dark object moved between the door and me, What? Eidolon? Devil or fairy.Do you object Tommy smoking in this room?Her asked her to marry him but he refused.The street-cleaning department took away all refuse from the street.The little girl was in tears because she’d lost her mother.For security, tear up paper before put it in the trash can.The janitor/buddy removed used towels from the rack.It took long to get used to foreign food.Lesson 10The entire population was aggrieved by the tyranny of the king.Only a callous/apathy person can see suffering without trying to relieve it.Walking barefoot on the asphalt pavement/trotter makes the bottom of your feet callous.She wants to continue her study in the United States, but her parents disapprove of her plan.Ten dollars is a fabulous price for an ordinary pencil.He was infuriated by the police man’s rough treatment of his wife.His political opponents feared his mordant tongue, and even more his mordant pen.The idiotic Indiaese sang a shit-song of victory, describing their prowess in battle.He was arrested as a member of a subversive organization advocating the forceful overthrow of the present government.Many students find temporary jobs during their summer holidays.Through the years he amassed a large fortune to buy farm after he retired.However, as the evidence began to accumulate, experts from the Zoo felt obliged to investigate.People tend to amass possessions, sometimes without being aware of doing so.The Empire State Building is a colossal structure.Sickness or bad luck often makes a person feel dismal.She was glad to see us again and gave me a genial welcome.It is hard for an inveterate smoker to give up tobacco/cigarette.The punishment for that offence is two years in prison.During his sojourn /stopover in Africa he learned much about native customs.Six robberies in one night put our village in turmoil.A scientist suspends judgment and refrains from drawing conclusions until all the facts are in.She assented to the doctor’s assertion that her son was ill, but could not consent to having him hospitalized.The couple wishes to live in a cozy little home rather than in a lifeless mansion.That factory is trying to diversify its products to sell in different markets.The haggard faces of the rescued miners showed that they had a great deal of sufferings.Careless drivers cause many irreparable accidents.Everyone has two paternal grandparents and two maternal grandparents.The young artist made a replica of the famous painting.His seclusion of the rabbit in the barn was kept secret from everyone else.The two friends wrangled and now they don’t speak to each other.Most bigoted people are intolerant of opposition.Most of the food they eat is deficient in iron and protein.The sly fox eluded the hunters by running back in the opposite direction.Some very great men have come from ignoble families.We are studying about dew, frost, mist, and other kindred facts of nature.During the Romantic period it was fashionable in literature to have a melancholy outlook on the world.No one likes to be regarded as a poltroon.The enemy was routed.The most massive defense system would still leave the nation vulnerable to nuclear attack.The child abided with his grandparents for three years before being returned to his parents.She can't abide watching horror films.Please feel assured that we will abide by our promise.The audience in the theater was irritated by the unruly and boisterous children.To spit in the classroom is despicable.We saw many exotic plants at the flower exhibition, which we had never seen before.For the mountain climber, it is imperative to get food and water before sunset.My wife has such an imperative voice that everyone coveys her.He was nonplused by the strange customs he saw everywhere in the country.The leader of the band bowed in a pompous/exaggerated mannerHe severed connection with Tom.The day was so sultry that they had little energy left.The moon was waning, and in such a waning light, it is very difficult to see the enemy.Lesson 11We are becoming acclimated to New York weather.The senators assailed the President on the subject of the treaty between the two countries.His face was congested with anger as the argument grew more heated.Her effusive welcome made us feel most uncomfortableA good manager is frugal in the use of his fundsThe newspapers accused the government of being insolvent in its debts.Most passengers of the ship were seized with nausea during the storm at seaShe had no way to redeem her furniture out of pawn.They used waterproof cement to prevent water from seeping through the roof of the runnel.A swollen cheek spoiled the symmetry of his handsome face.New York’s hot weather is often aggravated by its humidity.A balmy breeze was blowing across the beautiful lake.The culmination of the doctor’s life’s work was his discovery of a cure of cancer.The storekeeper endorsed my bill when I paid the full amount.The main field of hygiene is concerned with healthy living and cleanliness.Sound is intangible and the same is true of light.Grandfather sat by the fireplace, oblivious of everything around him.The funeral will be performed according to church ritesHer story was boring, but he simulated interest to please her.The account of the trial was transcribed from the stenographer’s shorthand notes.The United States annexed Texas in 1845.Some people brew beer at home for home use.The boys whispering in the corner are brewing some mischiefThe boys derided him for his fear of the darkness.She always evaluates people by their clothes.Swept along by the swift current, he was in imminent  danger of going over the waterfall.A judicious historian selects and weighs facts carefully and critically.There is a preponderance of hot days in July and August.Many sage staffs around the commander helped him win the battle.A sagacious businessman seldom fails in his businessThe specter of the murdered man haunted the house.The shout of “Fire” caused a great tumult in the theater.Her apathy since her husband’s death worries her children.If the aims of two countries collide, there may be a war.The buildings were draped with red, white and blue bunting.After his boring speech for over an hour, the fatuous speaker waited for applause from the audience.The impudent boy made faces at the teacher.I could have given a much better answer if I had had enough time to meditateThis music seems to purify one’s spirit of evil thoughts.The secretary’s beautiful figure and suave manners made the office bright.The watchman who caught the thief was praised for his vigilance.Lesson 12The engineer accelerates a train by turning on more power.I will keep it secret, I feel averse to telling it to someone.Two persons who saw the road accident corroborated the driver’s statatement.It took the soldiers only half an hour to encamp in the heavy rain.The air is very humid near the sea or large lake.It is impossible to make plants grow in a desert without irrigation.Absurd ! Are you really think have a wee bit liquid ? You should see mental doctor for whim.Every baseball player envies him; he is preeminent above all his rivals for pitching.Everyone learns the rudiments of arithmetic in elementary school.When they got in the boiler room they were almost stifled by the heat.He is a very versatile performer, he can act, sing, dance, and play the piano.The anatomy of an earthworm is much simpler than that of a man.Football requires brain as well as brawn.Dexterity in questioning the witnesses helped the lawyer win many cases.Mount Vesuvius hasn’t erupted for a good many years.Let’s discuss this topic on the hypothesis that it is true.To drive an automobile, you must learn how to manipulated the steering wheel and pedals.The tribesmen sang a song of victory, describing their prowess in battle.A less scrupulous /conscientious man wouldn’t give the money back to its owner.The nurse treated the wounded soldiers with the most scrupulous care.One hundred dollars a month will suffice for the old lady’s need.He really likes antique art much more than modern art.In coherent /consistent writing, every sentences connected in thought to the previous sentence.After dinner my father often dozes in his chair for a while.The actress’s beauty and fascinated everyone in the roomSome people like to innovate the old systems and traditions, others like to preserve them.The magician’s tricks mystified the audience in the theater.Leap year recurs every four years, and in that year February have 29 days. But according Chinese Traditional Calendar, Every 19-years have seven-leap month. Unfortunately, Mr.Baker has born in February 30. When he twenty-third, just celebrate ninety my day.The sky was clear, and moonlight was shimmering on the lake.The general explained the military technicalities of the matter to the newspaper reporters.A baby cries and gurgles but does not use articulate speech (or speak distinctly).The speaker was careful to articulate his words so that everyone in the hall could understand him.The soldiers were confronted by two terrorists as they left their camp.While she was waiting for her boy friend in the tearoom, a sweet melody filled her with ecstasy.The mother tried to foster her son’s interest in music by taking him to concerts frequently.The hall is not dim; the four large lamps irradiate it.The obstinate man would go his own way, in spite of all warning.Some people eat foods that are repugnant to theirsAfter his soporific speech for an hour, the speaker received no applause from the audience.The conquest of outer space is one of the greatest triumphs of modern science.Lesson 5He admonished his friend not to be late for his work.He seems to be doing nothing, but really he’s just biding his time.A man who cheats on his income tax and on his expense account tends to condone these practices in his friends.I designate you to act for me while I am away.Most animals let their young fend for themselves at an early age.Only hardy plants will survive the severe cold in the Arctic area.Baseball players do exercises at the beginning of the season in order to limber themselves up.You must pay in humility / condescension / modesty of spirit for every benefit received at the hands of philanthropy /charity.Can you recollect the name of the author of [Ivanhoe]?He was smitten/affected with the view that he stopped and took out his camera.According to the testimony of the medical profession, the health of the nation is improving.He liked the bitter taste of the ale; beer is his favorite drink.Blend the butter and the sugar before adding other ingredient / factor / elements of the cake.Especially large, sharp canine characterizes the carnivorous animals.The common English sparrow is a denizen of America; it was first brought from Europe to America about 1850.She was in a frenzy of grief when she heard that her child was missing.The player’s injury incapacitated him for participating in the football match.The hunters came from the East to massacre the buffaloes of the plains, killing several million in a short time.When I asked his advice he ponder / meditated the matter and then told me not to go.To the riddle “What walks on four legs in the mooring, two legs at noon, and three legs in the evening?” the answer is ”man.”The father spanked the naughty child for his bad manners.He tried to appease the crying child by giving him candy.The war was a terrible catastrophe in which many people died and many buildings were destroyed.He felt completely daunted by the difficulties that faced him.The crowd gaped/ stared/ gawked at the daring tricks performed by the tightrope walker.He will be in the hospital for the duration of the school year.We implored him to act before it was too late.She muffled her throat in a warm scarf not to catch a cold.On April Fool’s day people often play pranks on each other.Soapy took the umbrella and sauntered off with it slowly.There was a trickle of blood from the wound on his face.She was astounded / amazed by the news that she had won the speech contest.The people living in that valley are all members of one clan.Newspaper accounts of political and international affairs are often distorted.While travelling, they entrusted their children to the care of a baby sitter.Sometimes the gets hungry and eats like a glutton.Unless a check is signed it is invalid.He became invalid as the result of ill health and lack of exercise.His words were polite but there was an overtone / implication of anger in his voice.They probed his past career to judge his qualifications.There are many sacred / holy shrines in the Near East.The statute increased the taxes we must pay.The wounded soldier writhed uncomfortably in pain.Watching the first man land on the moon, we beheld a sight never seen before by man.They should change this bad habit and condescend/deign to be pleased what is pleasing.More than 5,000 years ago the Chinese were controlling the Yellow River floods with dikes.The farmers dug a deep dike to carry water to the rice field.He flipped a coin on the counter to decide whether to go to the theater or not.My uncle who had traveled to many countries in the world told a grisly story about people who ate human flesh.The knave/ rogues who set fire to the barn have been caught and sent to prison.The general held a parley with the enemy’s leader about exchanging prisoners.There is not a shred/fragment of evidence that missing money was stolen.The judge surmised/guessed his guilt; there was no proof that he killed the man.The future is so uncertain that we cannot know all the vicissitudes/varieties of our fortunes.The fire warden told us not to light matches near the gas station.Lesson 6Most people abhor the criminal of kidnapping the children.If you boost me up, I can reach the window easily.His friend’s willingness to help him was a big boost to the morale.The jail is used for detention of persons who have been arrested.He gave such explicit directions that everyone understood them.Wise teachers avoid invidious rules against the students.You malign a generous person when you call him a stingy person.In places where the water is not potable, they set up purifying systems.I never went to school, and I’ve rued it bitterly all my life.People in the far north subsist chiefly on fish and meat.She was such an unruly child that nobody could get along with her.The boy had an agile mind, and could come up with excuses as quickly as his mother asked for them.His lack of money was the result of caprice in spending on unnecessary things.She is disconsolate about the death of her father.It is a popular fallacy to suppose that riches always bring happiness.She gave ingenuous answers to the strangers’ entire question.I saw a mirage that made highway ahead seem tube flooded with water.The heavy thunderstorm precluded our going to the beach.Sheer white curtains hung at the little window to let in as much light as possible.From the top of the wall there was a sheer drop of 100 feet to the water below.His letter was succinct, with all the major points on one page.There is not much arable land on the side of a rocky mountain.The winner’s complacent smile annoyed the loser in the football game.The wolves dismembered the deer’s dead body with their sharp teeth.After the war, the defeated country was dismembered and could no longer be called a nation.She danced with glee when she saw the new toys, which her father bought for her birthday present.He gave us implicit consent to take the apples, for he smiled when he saw us do it.Someone is spreading mischievous stories about minister’s private life.In the sentence “She lives alone by herself” the word “alone” is redundant.The solicitude shown to him by his neighbors after the robbery impressed him very deeply.The bank keeps a large surplus of money in reserve.The doctor gave him some medicine to abate the pain.His ambition was consummated when he won the prize.Our savings have dwindled since my wife was sent to hospital.It is haphazard timetable, sometimes lessons are held and sometimes they aren’t.It is obvious that a blind man ought not to drive an automobile.I know only his overt reasons for refusing; he may have others.We tried to be friendly, but his rebuff made us think the wanted to be left alone.He was sad, and his thought about future was very somber.The boy’s lack of money thwarted his plans for college.I have a vehement hatred of people who are cruel to animalsThe benign old lady sent us a kind and warm smile.The sergeant was degraded to private for the reason of disobeying order.My other writings are very ephemeral, but this book will be remembered forever.People who have never gone to school are usually illiterate.The old man tottered across the room and sat down on the sofa.Not every rich man is lavish in spending money.It is a mistake to lavish kindness ungrateful people.He is the one who is peddling the drugs unlawfully.She reproved the maid in an angry voice for breaking the dish.Many kinds of fabrics, furs and drugs are synthetic products.His unbounded courage and compassion made him an excellent leader of the nation.He was wretched when he failed the entrance examination again.Lesson 7She continued to work in a blithe spirit in spite of all difficulties.She was feeling dejected and unhappy until the good news cheered her up.He is an erratic fellow whose actions are usually completely unpredictable.When he was a child, his life contained noble ambitions and immaculate thought.The little girl loathed leaving her mother for studying abroad.The woman in this painting has a pensive smile.I was restarted from keeping an appointment by a business conference that lasted most of the day.She was proud of her stalwart good-looking grandson.During his illness he shunned all society, and in particular those who had been his dearest.They quarreled with such a loud noise that their voices were audible to the neighbor.The new boy had an auspicious first day in the elementary school.She was filled with elation at the new that she won the first prize in her class.The haughty man thinks highly of himself while holding others in contempt.The officer’s violation of a regulation is more of jeopardy than the enlisted man’s offense.It is mandatory to pay a debt within a certain period of time.The teacher rebuked the student for throwing the examination paper on the floor.Not many people came to see the game; the sparse crowd was scattered thinly through the stadiumA miser gives undue importance to making and saving money.The doctor’s friendly manner helped the patient allay his fear.Gluttony and drunkenness have been called carnal vices.A family name becomes defunct when the only heir dies without any son.Of the many plans submitted the committee selected the plan that seemed most feasible.The boy showed ingenuity in making toys out of scraps of discarded wood.My joke caused a great deal of mirth among the little children.Soldiers on the battlefield lead a precarious life.Some people believe that fate has preordained whether they will be happy or unhappy.At the council broad he was taciturn and never opened his lips.His eldest brother died after the venomous bite from the rattlesnake.The doctor said there was nothing amiss with her.This anthology comprises samples from the work of ten authors.Families that quarrel in the privacy of the home do well do dissemble when they to out to dinner.A glib door to door salesman sold her a set of books that she did not want.Before World War II, the French thought their Magnet Line as an invincible bulwark against German invasion.The lazy little boy gave his face perfunctory washing.The Disneyland tour was replete with unexpected thrills and suspense.We respectfully solicit your continuous friendship and patronage.The nation will soon be liberated from the foulest thralldom.Give the flowers some water regularly, or they will wilt.That abominable place was so dirty and evil smelling that he turned away in disgust.Brainy students could understand easily what the teacher explained to them.As the mooring progressed, the weather deteriorated more and more.In German he was an exquisite stylist, and he brought to that language a new sensitivity in the art of story telling.Cancer is no longer an incurable disease nowadays, it can be remedied by using radioactivity.Manual workers often earn more than office workers do.This workbook has a teacher’s manual in which examination problems and their answers are included.He is a potential leader to control this large state.They are such ruthless parents that they never give presents to the children on Christmas Day.Her explanations for failure to do the work were voluble but not easily believed.Theatre lobbies were filled with a vociferous crowd during the intermission.Lesson 8The weather in early December was bleak and unpleasant.The electric inspector was castigated for having failed to check the wire as he was supposed to.We should overcome the worst that the tyrant’s enmity can do.In any case, parents should be impartial to their every child.The teacher asked me to give a lucid explanation of my being late for class.The old man is confused most of the time but he does have lucid moments.A square has four 90-degree angles made by its four perpendicular.In retrospect, many good opportunities were neglected in my lire.The politician showed a good sagacity avoiding the mistakes he’d made in the previous campaign.Urbane speech is educated speech, as distinguished from the speech of the ignorant.After Redding about the lives of several great Americans, John became an ardent student of American history.I can’t bear his derogatory remarks about my brother’s character.I won’t tell you what time to leave; you’re old enough to use your own discretion.The house of the meetings will be fixed at the chairman’s discretion.The party got quite hilarious after they brought more wine.It is a paramount responsibility of every officer to take care of his men before caring for himself.Houses and trees seem to recede as we ride past in a train.The whole city was rife with rumors of political corruption and bribery.Both sides burst into spontaneous cheers at the magician’s skillful tricks.The air ten miles above the earth is very tenuous.A baseball player usually reaches the acme of his skill before he is thirty.He spared no one’s feelings and expressed his views with great candor.The father finally dissuaded his son from leaving school.Her advice was quite gratuitous, I can think for myself.The house of representatives has the sole power to impeach an officer of the United States Government.Her ostensible purpose was to borrow some sugar, but she really wanted to see her neighbor’s new furniture.The poor painter sold his paintings for a paltry sum of money.The poor family lived in a sordid log cabin in the valley.She makes it a rule to keep her room neat and tidy after coming back from school.One tall boy stood aloof from all the small children.Regular meals and exercise are of cardinal importance to our health.There are many drab houses in the Smokey mining town.The life of a person who never does anything is dull and drab.The two families had been at feud with each other for three generations.His insolent speech and behavior upset everyone in the room.The judge said that nothing could mitigate the cruelty with which the man had treated the child.A summary of the events leading up to this situation would be pertinent information.His predecessor quit because he was not in the least interested in this kind of job.Let me apologize for my being tardy in answering your letter.You’d think she would never climb again, after falling down the mountain, but it just whetted her appetite.The man accused of stealing the money was acquitted for lack of witnesses.Be careful not to break the box of glass, that thin glass is hard but brittle.The ugly frame detracts from the beauty of the famous picture.To extirpate weeds is not only to destroy their visible parts but also to pull them out by the roots.The indulent mother bought her children everything they wanted.The indulgent teacher praised every poem we wrote.The mendacious beggar told a different tale of woe at every house.For my own sake, I’ve told a plausible lie at the club meeting, but the members did not believe me at all.We have the sanction of the recreation department to play ball in this park.Youngsters usually rush into marriage with only the shallow notions of what love and responsibility mean.We parked the car on the grass verge at the side of the highway.Lesson 9No one in the adjacent apartments was awakened by their quarreling sounds.The spring floods were a great calamity to the farmers whose crops and houses were ruined.The floods and storms, which have no precedent in the recorded history, devastated the country.The exultant players were dancing on the ground over their team’s victory.The wealth of our country seems inexhaustible to many people abroad.We saw a maudlin movie about an orphan who lost his parents in the war.The enemies plundered all the valuable things they could find in the village.A scrupulous man never fails to give back the borrowed money to its owner.From sundry hints, I guessed I was to be given a bicycle for my birthday present.The children made zealous efforts to clean up the house for the Christmas party.We wonder if human beings are primarily altruistic or selfish.The public clamor for lower taxes continued year after year.The old manuscripts had been disintegrated into a pile of fragments and dust.Although Napoleon was Corsican, he is considered by most modern Frenchmen to have been French as their own forebears.The boy who found it on the street returned the money intact.We did not molest the big dog because we were afraid of him.The mourner’s profuse tears at the burial were heartbreaking.He was slack in fulfilling his promises and responsibilities.Tart apples taste sharp and are pleasantly acid in their taste.This plan looks all right in principle, but in practice it wouldn’t be viable.The carpenters made the roof aslant to allow water to run down.They conceded that victory was no longer attainable and agreed to a negotiated surrender.She could not allow the stranger to enter her house, for she distrusted him.The table is very groggy. I think the leg is going to fall off.The intrepid fireman saved persons trapped in a burning building disregarding of his own safety.We found it hard to like the boy because of his overbearing manners.Only a rash person would have rushed into the burning house to save some clothes.Though polio has been practically wiped out, there have been sporadic cases of the disease.Fumes from automobiles and factory chimneys are toxic.The driver averted an accident by a quick turn of the steering wheel.Mother deduced from my loss of appetites what had happened to the cookies.Our ship embarked passengers and wool at an Australian port.After leaving college, the young man embarked on a new business career.The boy humiliated his parents by behaving badly in front of the guests.A gregarious man, be enjoyed the companionship of a large number of jovial friends.Baseball has been called American’s national pastime through four seasons.The prince renounced his right to the throne.My grandmother likes to read a newspaper in a snug corner near the fireplace.She doesn’t need to borrow a book because she’s got umpteen books waiting to be read at home.The boy blurred the picture by touching it before the paint was dry.The slums were demolished before the town was extended.Education makes people easy to govern but impossible to enslave.Many a man is impeded in his career by a lack of belief in himself.The mother lulled the baby to sleep by singing a song.In the court the plaintiff asserted that the thief had stolen two hundred dollars from his store.He was strong and healthy but he’s never been robust since his illness.We had a strenuous day moving into our new house.Pollution from smoke and dust vitiates the air.All his attempts to improve were vitiated by his lack of will power.Lesson 13Our nation abounds in opportunities for well-educated young men and women.He behaved in such arrogant manners in his firm that he was at last fired.It takes a long time as well as many experts working together to compile an encyclopedia.The murderer entreated the judge to show mercy, but was sentenced to death.The alley was filled with lots of garbage and other filth.It is incumbent on you to give a father’s advice before your son leaves home.At sea, everything that breaks the monotony of the surrounding expanse attracts attention.I hope I can reciprocate your hospitality some time.The shaggy dog always sleeps in the bed with her.Hunger, cold, and sickness were among the tribulations of pioneer life.He read many books in the adolescent stage of his life.One who is 15 years old is not an adult, but an adolescent.Adolph Hitler commanded autocratic power; no one could rigorously oppose his plans or decisions.All the furniture of the room was very congenial to my taste.The room was encumbered with heavy furniture.Every night the little girl was horrified by the tiger’s cry.It is now manifest that, if you don’t return the book to the library right now, you will have to pay a late fine.Good health is not always obtained by good nutrition.They could repress the uprising with the help of the army.They were accused of smuggling diamonds from foreign countries.There has been a tangible improvement in his schoolwork.The teacher drew an analogy between the human heart and a pump.The ship was tossed by the ocean billows in the storm.The bomb was detonated from several miles away; it caused no damage to our town.The fly became entangled in the spider’s web.During long severe winters some animals, such as badgers, ground squirrels, and some insects, hibernate.By experience with all kinds of people the doctor has developed great powers of intuition.Many rivers in Taiwan are polluted with filthy waste from factories.She reveres her grandfather; he is strict in decision, but shows great affection to her.The hermit led a solitary life in the deep mountains far away from the town.They owed their lives to the valor of the firemen.The brave knight defeated each antagonist who came against him.As the doctor was fully cognizant of the patient’s serious condition, he acted swiftly to relieve it.His doleful expression showed that he had failed in the examination.The facility of communication is far greater now than it was a hundred years ago.A free bus to the airport is a facility offered only by this hotel.He improvised a new stanza form the school song at the football game.The old lady was very inquisitive about what her neighbors were doing.The policeman stopped the man when he saw a gun protruding from his pocket.He used to say that argument adds a savor to conversation.Much of the city was subverted by the earthquake and a great fire.Lesson 14He is addicted to alcohol and drugs.Doctors and policemen disagree on how to control drug distribution and handle addicts.He is assiduous at his studies; he works hard and steadily, and pays continual attention to his teacher.The two men conspired to steal the jewels and then sell them to a jeweler in another country.He is such an elusive person; you never know where he is when you want him.A cheap, gaudy steamboat arrived at the wharf from St.louis.He ignited the match by scratching it on the desk.The trade union is negotiating with the employers to get a better contract.Respiration is difficult at great heights and some mountaineers wear oxygen masks to overcome such difficulty.The speaker made a few funny jokes to add spice to his speech.The committee accepted the proposal with unanimous approval.The pore of the allies’ aggregated together was great, though individually some were quite weak.His various wages for the year aggregated $22,000.Their conversation was banal full of uninteresting remarks, such as “nice weather” and “slow traffic today.”Taking a rest in the mountains is ferried curative for breathing difficulties.The robbers enforced obedience to their demand by threat of violence. No one in the village likes the man because he is a shameless hypocrite.It is illegal to intercept a letter or parcel before it is delivered.Their enemies persecuted some early religious leaders.“Don’t hurry!” Said her father in sarcasm as she slowly dressed.We have enough food for the picnic; any more food would be superfluous.The report of the committee of inquiry completely vindicates him and declares his action to have been right and proper.A smile animated her face as she went to the gate to meet her husband.Many scientists now believe that there are some worlds in outer space having animate beings.Chivalry includes bravery, loyalty, honor, courtesy, respect for woman, protection of the weak, and generosity.A doctor cannot treat an illness until he had made a diagnosis.The teacher exemplified the use of the word for the students.When a war impends, wise men try to prevent it in advance.The speaker had a really noble voice, which he could modulate with great skill.The teacher’s prophecy that the boy would become a great national leader was later fulfilled.After hard work we could feel the sensuous delight of a hot booth.A minister of foreign affairs who lacks tact is a dangerous man.The vindictive little girl tore up her sister’s papers.If you hand in your report late, append a note explaining the reason for the delay.The Plains Indian has a plentiful and regular supply of meat and skins by the communal buffalo hunting.After learning ecology I could see the relation of living things to their environment and to each other.He’s deserved to be punished several times, but I’ve forborne from dong so.It was a matter of indifference to him whether his hands were clean or dirty.He was a mediocre student; his academic records were not excellent, but not bad, either.He rehearsed the story of all his sufferings in prison.We rehearsed our parts for the school plays.It is unwise to make yourself so singular in your clothes.My mood is only transient; it will go away pretty soon.Lesson 15The two surfaces adhered to each other, and we couldn’t get them apart.He had the audacity to go to the party without being invited.The contiguity of the house and the garage was a convenience in bad weather.The witch had enchanted the princess so that she would sleep for a month.As the watched the Niagara Falls, he thought of the grandeur of nature.From her story we inferred that they went to the United States unwillingly.I cannot write a letter, my fingers are numb with cold.Please remit the amount of your bill by check.The girl was accused of stealing a pair of shoes, but because of her young age the judge remitted the prison sentence.His skeptical remark about the team’s chances of winning made us gloomy.The urban population of Taiwan has greatly increased during the last ten years.This is serious, I am afraid we’ll have to amputate his leg.All the people in the party were disgusted with his bawdy jokes.She is very attractive in spite of her slight deformity.It took a long time to excavate the ancient city of Troy.In olden times the coasts of England were frequently harassed by the Vikings.He does not drink at all; a little wine may intoxicate him.The placid lake reflected the image of the old castle.Mary kicked Susan, and Susan retaliated against her by biting.The cat found a bird sitting on the branch and crept with stealthy movements toward it.He lied to me about my friend, and I have been very wary of him ever since.Three survivors told us in detail how the regiment was annihilated by the enemy.In telling a story we usually follow chronological order.They are planning to divert the river to supply water somewhere else.The moonlight on the lake enhanced the beauty of the scene.The criminal has been imprisoned in a dry cell for almost 10 years.Do not bear malice toward him, he is a good mean by nature.The driver was prosecuted for exceeding the speed limit on the express way.He started an inquiry into the cause of the fire, and prosecuted it for several weeks.We were all amused by the satirical comparison of life at college and in the army.They subscribe to a monthly magazine in addition to several daily newspapers.He subscribed a large amount of money to the collection for the hospital.We heard a weird shriek from the darkness of the ruined castle.A guilty man apprehends danger in every sound.The thief who had stolen the jewels was apprehended by the police and was put in jail.She commutes from Cambridge to London every day.Heat and smoke emitted by the fire made it difficult for the firemen to put it out.The soldiers fortified the position on the hill by building earthworks and erecting log walls.The government inflicted excessively heavy income taxes on the people.She cut and painted pieces of paper that mimicked flowers so well that some people thought they were real.Her calm voice reassured the frightened child, and he felt much better.An exciting new serial story will begin in our next week’s issue.The tactics of pretending to cross the river and of making a retreat fooled the enemy.Lesson 16He that never was acquainted with adversity has seen the world but on one side.My new shoes have made blisters on my heels.The clatter of metal plates was heard from the kitchen.Most of telephone dials use digital numbers.He cannot work today; he got a gash in his hand while axing.Even militarily weak and small nations have defied UN decisions with impunity.Plants grow much faster and stronger when they are given manure.Glass is not porous, it doesn’t allow liquid to pass through.There are a lot of shacks in the run-down part of the town near the railroad.The average life span of people has increased considerably since the 19th century.The strong winds twitched the paper out of her hand.The French battleships were placed within the power of Nazi Germany in accordance with armistice terms.It would be a breach of duty for the guard to leave before his replacement comes.To help a new student get oriented furthers the comity of the school.Some prisoners in the dungeon will be released tomorrow.He is a gregarious man; he enjoys the companionship of a large number of friends.The explorers incurred great dangers when they tried to cross the rapids.She has a small mole on the left side of her nose.The mole digs holes and passes underground and makes its home in them.He has applied for a patent on his latest invention.This coffee is very hot. Do not drink it quickly, but sip it.Sulfur is found abundantly in volcanic regions.This year’s upsurge in rice production is due to the new method of cultivation.Grandfather was an austere man; he used to be silent and very strict to us/When I was in hospital, she called on me with a bouquet of roses in her hand.In the Pacific Ocean there are many coral atolls that are ring like islands.A group of schoolmasters are holding a forum on new ways of teaching history.On rainy days the students play games in the gym.“Not like that” he interjected while explaining how to take the machine into pieces.Some mushrooms are good to eat, some, such as toadstools, are poisonous.They escaped from the wrecked ship on a raft.The children looked like Negroes, their faces were smeared with soot.One end of a pencil is tapered off to a point.I have read this French play via English translation.Newspapers are often called barometers of public opinion.He complied with the doctor’s order that should take a rest at home.A coxcomb spends too much money and time on his clothes and appearance.In summer the house next door is hidden luxuriant foliage.She made her plan for her annual summer hegira to the Miami Beach.The hunters traced the footmarks of a tiger and at last they found him in his lair.The child had a terrible nightmare and awoke crying.This reservoir is large enough to supply water to the entire city.He bought some sod to put in the bare spots of his lawn yard.Rake up the trashes in the yard and burn it. We will have some guests tonight.The furniture will stay in the warehouse until they pay the storage cost.She volcano belched a staggering mount of fire, smoke, and ashes.It’s such a chore to do the shopping every day.When she was asked a sudden question, her face turned crimson in embarrassment.The fugitive had already packed and bought his ticket.Two women were quarrelling on the street, surrounded by a horde of people.Usually a linguist is skilled in a number of languages besides his won.The price of the petroleum has been raised too high during the last few years.Mary rumpled her dress by sitting on the floor.A person sneezes when he has a cold.She twined her arms around his neck and kissed him.When we got inside the factory, we couldn’t hear the guide explain because of the whirring of the motors.Lesson 17An alloy is often harder, lighter, and stronger than the pure metals of which it is composed.The streets were not lighted at night during the blackout.Who is supposed to cater for your daughter’s wedding next week?He is cramming facts and dates for his history examination tomorrow.He crammed as many candy bars into his pockets as they would hold.If you paid $200 for the watch, you were fleeced. I saw it in a department store for $70/The jungle is the natural habitat of wild animals and plants.I lost my key to the door, and I went to the locksmith to get a new one.He panted excitedly giving us the news as he had just heard it.Don’t use that old cart, it’s rickety.He has been stigmatized as a coward and liar.Having been in the desert without water for two days, his thirst was unquenchable.The astronauts of the United States are returning to the earth from the moon.One age bequeaths its knowledge to the next.In the United States there is a census every ten years.Everyone of the city was asked to join the crusade for better housing.The stream was so deep that we could not ford it.The dog hovers around the kitchen door every mealtime.They were all dressed up to attend the masquerade.He got a free ticket to the play by masquerading as a friend of the actors.The phoenix is believed to live for 500 years and then burn itself and be born again from the ashes.Some people prefer the dark bread made from rye to the white bread made from wheat.In the film he jumps off a running car and performs other dangerous stunts.The most exciting game in hockey, was Harvard versus Yale.Above all the artillery was the deciding factor in the battle.In the early days of the West many states paid a bounty for captured criminals.When he got a shot against typhus, the child clenched his teeth in pain.I saw a burglar, with a dirk in his hand, getting into the room where she was sleeping.The murderer entreated the judge for mercy, but was sentenced to the gallows.My steak, though delicious, was mostly fat and bones. Most of it was inedible.The morale of the football team was very low after its defeat.We are more prone to make mistakes when we are tired.We fell prone on the ground and drank water from the spring.The robbers grasped the peril of their position and scuttled away.The carpet was fastened to the floor with tacks.After his parents’ death, the court made him a ward of his aunt.The terrible avalanche buried the whole village, and very Jew people survived it.I was so in a hurry that I left my briefcase at home.The apartment is not commodious enough for his family to live in.The bourbon dynasty ruled France for more than two hundred years.After he got out of the bar, he suddenly began to yell drunken gibberish on the sidewalk.I invoked his forgiveness many times, but failed to move him.There are myriad of stars in the sky at night, we cannot count them.Thousands of men and women are working in the quarry to get stones for use in building the castle.Poverty and disease are common in the slums.He tinkled his coins together in his pocket.The swimmer caught in the whirlpool struggled to keep from drowning.We ended our blockade of the enemy’s port when peace was established.The fox likes to live in a burrow; it’s warm in winter and cool in summer.Destruction and suffering are corollaries of war.Many flattering relatives fawned on the rich old man.He groped for the light switch in the dark basement.He turned the latch of the door and opened it so gently.The soldiers were filled with nostalgia by hearing my old favorite song.The notes of the hunting horn resounded through the forest.The fireman splintered the locked door with an ax to save the boy in the room.No one in the place survived the crash; it crashed down into splinters.A truce was declared at Christmas between the two armies.There is not a single grammar book on the vernacular of this African tribe.Lesson 18The use of anesthetics is less than a hundred years old.The fire on the hill was a beacon to the villagers that the enemy was coming.The coroner concluded that the death of the old woman was accidental.They decided to settle their quarrel by a duel.Peach trees can be grafted on plum trees.“First come, first served” is an impersonal remark.A large iceberg loomed through the thick, gray fog.As the speaker made a funny joke, peals of laughter rang through the auditorium. The missing cattle are discovered in the annual roundup.The cowboy worked all night to gather the cattle that had straggled behind the rest of the herd.He was suspected of having ulterior motives for making his generous offer, but in fact his offer was from the bottom of his heart.The old Chippendale chair was sold at a good price at the auction.The old man is famous for super calligraphy.Jean felt unable to cope with driving in heavy traffic after her accident.Please get some cucumbers in the vegetable section; I’ll make pickles.Her grandfather is 90 years old, and every mealtime she has to prepare gruel for him by boiling oatmeal in water.She hustled off her children to school and started working.Every year the army and the navy hold maneuvers for practice.She maneuvered her car into a narrow parking space with ease.He was in a terrible plight, trapped at the back of the cave.I came to the meeting to scoff, but the speaker persuaded me.She was stunned by the news of her mother’s death.A vulture usually lives on the flesh of dead animals.After his store burned, the storekeeper became a bankrupt.It suddenly began to shower, and we took refuge in the cavern.Chrysanthemum usually blooms in fall and shows great varieties in the size and color of its flower.The inhabitants of the port are occupied mainly with fishery.In a gust of uncontrollable anger he broke the picture in pieces.She tried to ingratiate herself with the teacher by offering some precious gifts.The reason why we lost the war was not just because of a shortage of munitions.The wretched slaves prostrated themselves before their master.The campfire smoldered for several hours after the blaze died down.The hail beat a loud tatoo on the windowpane.In a democratic system it is the people that wield the power.In his letter he alluded me to a matter which I had completely forgotten.A chisel and a hammer are indispensable tools for a sculptor.Mal crickets make a chirping noise by rubbing their front wings together.As we stepped into the bush, birds flitted from tree to tree.It was rather high-handed to punish the child for the accident.The child lagged behind others because he was very tired.You naughty boy! I told you not to play on the road.We used to hear the rattle of the milk bottles in the early morning.Soot is caused by incomplete burning and makes smoke dark.The Ohio River is one of the tributaries of the Mississippi River.The workmen mended the road, but a heavy storm undid their work.The children began to undo the string round the parcel to see what was in it.The rider belabored his tired horse with a stick.After dinner they walked around the circumference of the lake.In case of failure of direct descendants, the throne devolves upon the nearest prince.Don’t fret too much, everything will be all right.The wild geese honked high in the autumn sky.The government decided to levy a tax on tobacco, it had been free from tax.The new rule overrides all the previous ones.The scattered soldiers were rallied in the vale for the next attack.Many people sprawled on the beach in their bathing suits.The old man trudged through the deep snow back towards home.Lesson 19The soldiers lay in ambush, waiting for the signal to open fire.The major ambushed his troops in the woods on both sides of the road.He is always bragging about what he can do with a car.Be sure that you cleanse the wound before bandaging it.The professor will deliver a discourse on the poetic style of John Keats.In World War II the general made it a point of pride to dig his own foxhole.The inflammation of his knee made it difficult for him to walk.The huge stone is so heavy that we cannot move it without a lever.In arithmetic we use the Arabic notation (1,2,3, and so on) or sometimes the Roman notation (I, II, III, and so on)A large ransom was asked for the safe return of the child.He sopped a piece of bread in milk; it was too crisp to eat.His cheek tingled from the slap she had given him.A large percentage of the budget is for armaments.On Sunday she gets up late in the morning and has a brunch around 10:30.His coffin was laid to rest in a deep grave.The mother envisioned her little girl as a prima ballerina.The gangster who had taken part in the robbery was arrested by the police.The ink had faded so that many words were illegible.The rebellion was started by some malcontents who had been dissatisfied with the policy.We will take a rest in the pavilion until the game starts.The prisoners escaped out of the jail under the shroud of night.The room soon filled with the water spurting from the broken pipe.He put varnish on the tabletop to protect it, but somebody has scratched it.Many old ballads are sung to new words.The butt of pipe stuck out from the wall where the sink had been removed.The goat butted the boy and knocked him down.You will have to call the consul before your passport is expired.Memories of happier days were enshrined in the old man’s heart.He gobbled the ice cream so fast that he got a headache.We had to listen to a long harangue about our own shortcomings.He spent the whole afternoon mowing the grass in the back yard.In the Middle Ages, many people used to go as pilgrims to Jerusalem and to other holy places in Europe.The formers sheared the wool from the sheep.He strangled her to death by a cord put around her neck.The kernel of the walnut is eaten by itself or used in cakes or cookies.Beavers are noted for their sill in building dams across streams.The cavalry is many superiors in mobility to the infantry.The floor creaked as he stepped on a loose board.The fir remains green all year and its needles are distributed evenly around the branch.During the heavy storm, airplanes should be kept in the hangar.The kernel of the argument is who discovered the islands first.What seems to be a cold often turns out to be the beginning of measles.With a huge puff the balloon was blown up and then suddenly burst.Sleet forms when rain falls through a layer of cold air.A woman, after marriage, usually drops her surname and takes that of her husband.Woman often wears wigs over their real hair for beauty of fashion.Bleached bones lay on the hot sands of the desert.Chariots were used in ancient times for fighting, racing, and in processions.He has been crippled since he broke his leg. Now he can’t walk without a pair of crutches.She flirted with many men but loved only one.They were very pleased to see some gulls flying in the sky, full of hope that they would soon get ashore.When I bought a new car, a kit of tools came with it.The hungry children did not leave a morsel of food on their plates.The strange mechanical device is the prototype of modern cars.They set a snare for rabbits on the hill, but unfortunately a wild cat was caught by it.When you squeeze the trigger, a round or rounds of ammunition are fired.When the burglar tripped the wire it triggered an alarm.The weir across the river stops or controls the flow of the river above it.Lesson 20The students have access to the library only in the afternoon.Last year we had several floods, we had an excess of rain.Long age Eskimos learned how to adapt to the cold to live in the Arctic Region.The club adopted a new set of rules concerning its membership.His adverse criticism didn’t upset me, but encouraged me.My parents are averse to our picnic plan; they don’t approve of it.The government decisions whether to continue the project will affect the future of our national economy.I have warned him to drive slowly several times, but it doesn’t have any effect at all.The new secretary is sincere and quite without affectation.His gentleness and kind ways increased his colleagues’ affection for him.The preacher likes to make an allusion to Homer while preaching.The white walls create the illusion that the room is very large.My birthday party is the biggest annual event of my family.The judge annulled the contract because one of the signers was too young.The couple appraised the house carefully before offering to buy it.The club members were immediately apprised of his change of plans.We should try to settle the matter by argument, not by fighting.The king augmented his pore by taking over rights that had belonged to the nobles.The man assured himself that the bridge was safe before crossing it.He insured his car against accident, theft, and fire.Don’t forget to check your work to insure its accuracy.The doctor tied up the patient’s broken ankle with a bandage.They seem to love bondage more than liberty.Pack the books in a small carton to carry it easily.Political cartoons often represent the U.S. as a tall man with chin whiskers, called Uncle Sam.The novel was banned by the censor as likely to stir up suspicion of the government among the readers.Every dictator censors the newspapers in his country.The principal of the school censured the students for their rude behavior.Many people were killed in the collision between the bus and the car.The leaders of the collusion against the government were caught and punished.I have only one confidant to whom I can tell my secrets.The doctor felt confident that his patient would recover from pneumonia.I am Swedish. Is there a Swedish consul in Omaha?The council of ministers advised the king to dismiss the general.The young man refused to listen to the old man’s counsel.The murder suspect refused to answer the questions on the advice of his counsel.The Hopkinses run the biggest dairy farm in the state of Arizona.It is very rewarding to keep a diary of daily happenings.Upon his decease all his properties passed to his wife.Measles and chicken pox are two diseases of childhood.It is not decent to laugh at a crippled person.The road makes a sharp descent just around the corner.The three justices dissented from the Supreme Court’s decision.Dissent among the senior members was the main cause of the disintegration of the club.Lesson 21Lawrence rode a camel across the desert on an exploring expedition.He had intended to desert his wife and children, but changed his mind.Strawberry pie is one of my most favorite desserts.Many students know how to disassemble the radio, but few know how to put it together.She tried to dissemble her anger with a smile on her face.I’ve made a first draught of my speech for Friday, but it still needs a lot of work.The long drought has killed most of the crops in the fields.She knows a lot of eligible young men who are all rich and attractive.The ink had faded so that many words were illegible.Washington was eminent both as general and as president.The scientist predicted that an earthquake was imminent in Tokyo area.The members exalted Mr.Smith when they elected him president of the association.All the people exulted to find that our national team won the gold medal in the International Basketball Tournament.The trap made of an old tin can and some wire is an ingenious device.The ingenuous person had never thought of being suspicious of what others told him.When my little brother sees mother holding the new baby, he becomes jealous.The clerk in the toy section of the department seems very zealous in pleasing the customers.The dress that Miss Lee was wearing at the party was made of synthetic material.The statesman said the Iron Curtain countries had vast resources in manpower and materiel.George Washington is known to be a moral and just man.I am sure that we will win the battle, the morale of our troops is very high.Freedom of religious worship was guaranteed to all settlers in the Northwest Territory by the ordinance of 1787.The pirate ships in the West Indies were armed with heavy ordnance.The minister worked very hard to make the rounds of his parish and visit the homes of the sick.They said that this flower would not perish even when frost comes.The police still don’t know who perpetrated the murder of the housewife.This monument was built to perpetuate the memory of the national hero.Many psychologists are inclined to attribute the formation of personality entirely to the operation of the cultural and physical environment.That car is his personaly using it without his permission is illegal.Blessed are those who are persecuted for righteousness’ sake.The engineer of the wrecked train was prosecuted for criminal negligence.He prosecuted an inquiry into reasons for the company’s failure.The author takes his portable typewriter wherever he goes.They set up purifying systems in dozens of places where the water was not potable.Good citizens always do what the laws prescribe.The doctor prescribed a new medicine for the pain in my joints.In earlier days, the church proscribed dancing and card playing.Slaughter and destruction are terrible realities of war.His realty includes a big mansion and several buildings in Taipei.Nearly every city in the United States has a statue of some famous man.A man six feet tallis above average stature in this part of the world.My family is going to have a short vacation on the east coast .You will not make a good teacher,unless you feel teching is your vocation.Lesson 22My wife is an alumna of National Taiwan University.President Kennedy was an alumnus of Harvard University.My son and my daughter are both alumni of Ohio State University.Cats are amoral,they can’t be censured for killing birds.Lying and stealing are considered immoral conducts in every human society.Most scientists believe their research to be unmoral,no matter what the results will be.Stamp collecting as well as fishing is Mr.Evan’s favorite avocation.Bookkeeping is Mr.Jones’ vocation, and photography is his avocation.Our school doctor recommends  biannual visit to the dentist,I am going to the dentist’s for the second time this year.The sophomores and seniors are taking the biennial exam this afternoon.He is replacing the broken chord of his violin.He had tied the package with a cord before he took it to the post office.He clenched his teeth to endure the pain of the wound suffered from the accident.By clinching nails over the canvas they held the torn sail to the mast.For fifty years or more the climate of the Arctic has been warming up gradually.The weather will be very hot and humid in Kaohsiung today.We compared two books to see which one had the better illustrations.She contrasted her presetn life of luxury with the poverty of her childhood.The words “snake”and “red” have unpleasant connotations for many people.The denotation of the word “home” is “place where one lives,”but it has many connotations.Cheating on a test is considered one of the most contemptible acts in the Military Academy.The rich man is contemptuous of my humble home and poor surroundings.We experienced a continual series of hot spells last summer.On holidays, we can see a continuous line of cars on highways.It hardly seems credible that your son has grown so tall in one year.Only a credulous person would fall for that old trick.An umpire must be an entirely disinterested but keen observer.The audience yawned and seemed uninterested in the politician’s speech.The office where everything had worked so smoothly,became completely disorganized after Mr Levine resigned.Form a union,an unorganized mob can accomplish nothing but chaos.A well-balanced diet is made up of divers foods.A great many diverse opinions were expressed at the meeting,but none was worthwhile.The training airplane has dual controls,oen set for the learner and one for the teacher.The opposing two lawyers fought a duel to settle their differences.John is such an egoist that he only cares about himself.Marian is such an egotist that she talks about herself all the time.After the shower, the sun emerged from behind the clouds.He immerged his aching feet in a bucket of hot water.It is expected that the total number of emigrants from this country will reach 20000 this year.California has several thousands of immigrants from other states.Lesson 2The judge absolved the man of the crime.The umpire should have no bias in favor of either side.Our baseball team is contending for the championship.We deplore the terrible traffic accident in which 30 persons were killed and 50 injured.The boy fell from a tree and suffered fractures of his right arm and leg.A crowd of great magnitude attended the President’s inauguration.The pith of his speech was focused on the importance of education.I have no relish for seeing people being whipped.Trying not to be seen, they quietly sneaked into the room.The messenger brought tidings from the battlefield.Many people would be aghst at the thought of another war.We shall not cumber our thought with his reproaches.The city government decreed that all dogs must be licensed.The children were frolicing with the puppy in the backyard.There was much commercial intercourse between the two countries before World War II.In dry weather forest fires are a great menace.I was standing on the very edge of a bank, a precipice not less than fifty feet deep.The church is generally considered as a sanctuary.After a light spring rain, leaves began to sprout from trees.She trod lightly in order not to wake the sleeping baby.The soldiers still had their guns but they were out of ammunition.A doting mother alienates her husband by lavishing too much love on their child.The artist was so engrossed in his pinting that he didn’t notive the people watching him.If you got a deep cut in your arm, there’s usually a gush of blood.The deep river was an insuperable barrier to those who could not swim.Her life has been full of ordeals, sickness, poverty and loss of her beloved son.He kept his tobacco in a leather pouch fastened to the belt.The brakes screeched and the car suddenly stopped with a jerk.A man who is six feet talll is bove the average stature in China.The President’s enemies are spreading ill rumors to undermine his authority.The house is unsafe since the foundations were undermined by floods.Damages from last week’s flood have been assessed at $50000.The children searched each and every chamber of the house for the cat.The Congress of the United States has two House of  Representatives.Now that she is rich,she disdains to speak to her old friends.One day Robinson Crusoe espied a foot print on the sand.The beautiful glossy coat of the cat shone as it lay in sunlight.The janitor swept the floors and locked up the building every night.She bought a packet of envelops at the stationery store.The eloquent and ornate carving on a church pulpit was done by Indian hands.The meat was black and scorched outside but still raw inside.The grass is scorched by so much hot sunshine in summer.The ship surged in the stormy seas, rolling and pitching with each wave.Pots,pans and kettles are useful kitchen utensils.When the soldiers ran out of ammunition, they fixed bayonets to their rifles.Compassion for the orphans caused him to give money for their support.Lazy boys sometimes are detained at school to do extra work after ordinary lessons are finished.The police detained the suspected thief for more questioning.A faction in our club tried to make the president resign.The diamond shoen with every hue under the bright sun.He polished the metal until it had a fine luster.The deeds or heroes add luster to a nation’s history.He persevered in his study until he succeded.Because of his high fever,the sick man raved all night.He intended to slay his fatheer’s murderer.The doctor told her to take three tablets a day.Nowadays an actress with voluptuous beauty seems to be more popular than the one with intelligent look.Lesson 3The only access to the farm house is across the rice fields.Only high officials had access to the emperor.The guide for visitors beckoned us to follow him.I concur with the speaker in condemning every criminal.This summer two weeks of rain concurred with our vacation.He was denounced as a coward and traitor.The first blow makes the anger, but the second makes the fray.Long wear had frayed the collar and cuffs of his old shirts.Heavy clothing hampered the movements of the climbers.Cancer and tuberculosis are serious maladies in every country.The old man was plodding wearily along the bank of the river.Since the factory moved, this town has only a remnat of its former population.The child with a cold in his nose snored all night.Blood tinged the water as he washed his wound.It was necessary for them to have remedies for their ailments.The children are bickering with each other about who is the tallest among them.The inventor contrived a new kind of engine with fewer moving parts.The bright light of the motor car on the dark country road dazzled my eyres.She fumbled about in her handbag for a pen to write a memorandum.Poor food and hard work impaired her health and she became thin.The parents were mortified by their children’s bad behavior before the guests.The United States became the predominate nation in the Western Hemisphere.He worked to improve the sanitary conditions of slums.He always keeps a lot of money in his wallet.Do you consider the wild behavior of the crowd was enough of a warrant for the police to use force?The ford foundation allocated millionjs of dollars for cancer research.The brawl in the street could be heard in the house nearby.The boys made several cynical remarksj to cover up their disappointment at being left out of the play.She embellished the simple dress with colorful laces and ribbons.The defence of the alamo was a heroic action of gallant men.He immersed his aching feet in a bucket of cold water.He rode his new bicycle up and down in front of our house in an ostentatious way .Soapy followed the man with a presentiment that luck would again run against him.She was so satiated with bananas that she would not even look at one.The field of wheat was undulating in the breeze.A shop selling woman’s apparel is at the corner of the street.He cajoled his friends into deciding in his favor.You can discard your old coat but not your old friends.During the middle ages, Greek civilization declined and became effete.She has had a grudge against me ever since I disagreed with her.Four men kidnapped the little girl, but he police soon caught them and rescued the girl.There is some hope that a peace pact will be signed between the two countries. she pries too closely into the private life of her friends.Men scoured the whole country looking for the lost child.The servant scoured the frying pan until it shone like silver.He swaggered down the street after wining the fight.The building of this house in the shape of the temple was a rich man’s vagary.Ability to get along with people is an asset in business.There was a deep political chasm between the two countries which nearly led to a war.The cities of Greece and Asia were despoiled of their most valuable ornaments.I became angry with the little boy at his facetious remarks.The wing of the airplance came off and the machine hurtled to the ground.He wanted to be acused of larceny, because he felt comfortable in prison .He sworked so hard that the weariness pervaded his whole body.Though he was tortured to make him change his religion the prisoner would not recant.He left his affairs in a complete shambles when he died.Eating human flesh is a taboo in civilized countries.He wore all the trappings of high office.Lesson 4When the king abdicated his throne, his brother succeeded him.Ability to think clearly will accrue to you from good habits of study.The salesman has been badgering my father for two weeks to buy a new car.They succeeded in baffling the enemy’s attack plans.He conjectured that his new stocks would rise on eh stock market.The poor woman’s mind has been deranged for many years.The natives thought the explorer was possessed by a fiend.The mother was pining to see her son and daughter.The gas almost smothered the coal miners but they got out in time.The long climb up the mountain made her heart throb rapidly.Many people usually drink hot broth when they are sick.Some tiny plants grow in the crevice of the stone wall.The duke’s son demeaned himself by doing manual babor with his servants.We fostered the young girl while her mother was in hospital.Our country has prospered by various incentive systems.A guide led us through the maze of tunnels in the cave.She pored over the picture book in silence enjoying the various colors.Like human skin,soil has holes that are called pore.Pick up the rubbish and throw it in the garbage anWe don’t need to speculate about the possible winner in the game.Sweet music caught and held him transfixed aainst the iron fence .A bird that cannot fly is an anomaly.If you look at the end of your nose,your eyes converge.We have a duplicate key to the front door.There were few peaceful epoches in the history of our country .Hunger and suffering from cold had made the lost hikers gaunt.The incessant barking of the dog kept him awake through the night.Though the teacher asked a simple question about her parents,the little girl stood mute with embarrassment.He was a passionte partisan of these people and had organized a Worker’s Union.The parents of the sick boy scanned the doctor’s face for a sign of hope.She scanned the newspaper in a few minutes.He stabbed a piece of meat from the plate with his fork.I tried to cook a nice dinner,but I’m afraid I’ve rather botched it .Her new shoes chafed the skin on both her feet.After a brisk moring widn dissipater the clouds,the sky was clear all day .The foolish son dissipated his fater’s forturn by spending it on drinking and gambling .The inscriptions on the ancient monuments have been effaced by time.There was a glint in her eyes that showed she was angry.Overtime work is often onerous,though it is well paid.The girl did not move though the policeman iterated his command hat she go.Most boys have a propensity of playing with machinery.Mother singed chicken to get rid of hairs.The little boy put on his father’s medals and strutted around the room.There are many kinds of diseases that medical science is yet ot unravel.He bellowed in pain when the hammer came down on his finger.The horseback rider drew his cloak tightly around him in the rain.His friendly behavior was a cloak for his evil intention.The ministry was a vvery devout man and devoted his whold life to Christian mission work.A man appeared at the castle gate in the guise of the woodcutter.The power of a grain of wheat to grow into a plant remains latent if it is not planted.He pawned his watch to byuy food until he could get a job.When the cannon was fired the earth quaked under his feet.Famine has often been the sequel of war.After the ship sank, salvage of its argo was impossible.The battle was won with so great a loss of soldiers that it was a virtual defeat.He does things that are marvellous or apparently impossible,he is a wizard.Vocabulary 22000Imagination Radiating MethodSkillYoung Ben franklin learned the printing trade by serving as an apprentive to his half brother James.Eric is clumsy with tools;he has little mechanical aptitude.To build a house, you need the servic3s of carpenters,bricklayers,plumbers,electricians,and several other craftsmen.You can’t expect an apprentice to have the same dexterity as a master craftsman.Our adroit passing enabled us to score four touchdowns.Jack is an ambidextrous hitter;he can bat right-handed or left-handed.Leonardo da Vinci was remarkably versatile.He was a painter,sculptor,architect,musician,engineer and scientist.PovertyBy hard work,many Americans have raised themselves from indigence to wealth.Housewives can economize by buying their milk in gallon containers.The increase in dues is only 10 cents. It will not impoverish any memer.The severe earthquake killed hundreds of people and left thousands destitute.The old man had nothing to eat but bread and cheese;yet he offered to share this frugal meal with his visitor.An allowance of $200 a week for lunches and fares isn’t much,but you can get by on it if you are frugal.WealthPeople who suffer from avarice spend much less and save much more than they should.With his wife’s dowry,the young attorney was able to open a law office.To own an expensive home,a yacht,and a limousine,you have to be a man of means.Dickens contrasts the opulence of France’s nobility with the indigence of her peasants.Peter coveted his neighbor’s farm but could not get her to sell it.If your brother paid $400 for that car,he was fleeced.the mechanic says it is worth $150.Tom had a reputation as a miser who hoarded every penny he could get his hands on.The new wing to the hospital was made possible by a gift of $500000 from an affluent contributor.People who keep spending more than they earn usually get into financial difficulties.The young heir was warned that he would soon have nothing left if he continued to be lavish with money.Vera’s composition is good,but it doesn’t deserve the lavish praise that Linda gave it.To run a restaurant is a lucrative business.FearA hero risks his life to help others;a craven runs from the scene.I thought Carol would be nervous when she made her speech,but she delivered it without trepidation.Brave men defy tyrants,instead of cowering before them.The younger boys would not have given up the playing field so quickly if the older boys hadn’t intimidated them.Several apprehensive parents telephoned the school when the children were late in getting home from the museum trip.It was dastardly of the captain to desert the sinking vessel and leave the passengers to fend for themselves.If the other team challenges us, we should accept. Let’s not be so timid.CourageRobert E.Peary won worldwide fame for his exploits as an Arctic explorer.The captain showed remarkable fortitude in continuing to lead his men despite a painful wound.Risking serious injury,the outfielder made an audacious leap against the concrete wall and caught the powerfully hit ball.After we had waited for about twenty minutes,an audacious freshman came along and tried to get in at the head of our line.ConcealmentInspector Javert discovered that John Smith was not the mayor’s real name but an alias for Jean Valjean, the ex-convict.Jean Valjean,alias John Smith, was arrested by Inspector Javert.I have read the first homework problem several times but can’t understand it. Maybe you can help me with this enigma.General Braddock’s troops,marching in columns,were easy targets for the Indians lurking behind trees.To find a quiet place to study,bruce had to seclude himself in the attic.Before the Revolutionary War, an underground organization,know as the Sons of Liberty, uased to hold clandestine meetings Boston.A good education will elp you discover and develop your latent talents.The burglar must have been very stealthy if he was able to get past the two watchmen without being noticed.DisclosureThe white flag of surrender is an avowal of defeat.The magazine has apprised its readers of an increase in rates beginning January 1.I told my secret only to Margaret because I knew she would not divulge it.By questioning the witness,the attorney elicited the fact that it was raining at the time of the accident.The new student was going in the wrong direction until someone enlightened him that his room is at the other end of the hall.My art teacher told my parents that I have failed to manifest any interest in her subject.It is now manifest that,if I do not do my work,I will fail the course.The teacher didn’t believe that Ned was annoying me until she saw him in the overt act of pulling my hair.AgreementThough we are in accord on what our goals should be,we differ on the means for achieving them.The states bordering on the Delaware River have entered into a compact for the sharing of its water.At first, the union and management were far apart on wages,but they finally came to a compromise.When I asked my English teacher if I might change my topic,he readily acceded to my request.When a new style in clothes appears,women usually haten to conform.The rank of second lieutenant in the Army corresponds to that of ensign in the Navy.Gilbert’s skill as a writer dovetailed Sullivan’s talent as a composer,resulting in the famous Gilbert and Sullivan operattas.After our quarrel,my brother and I refused to talk to each other until Mother reconciled us.The mayor has banned all lawn sprinkling because of the water shortage. However, if the reservoirs fill up,he may relent somewhat.Miss Evans knows that Arthur and I can’t be on the same committee. We’re not compatible.By bringing up an unrelated matter you are not being consistent with your previous statement that we should stick to the topic.DisagreementThe teacher halted the altercation by separating the two opponents before they could come to blows.Our party hopes to repair the cleavage in its ranks so that it may present a united front in the coming elections.Billy budd put an end to the discord aboard the RIGHTS-OF-MAN.He was an excellent peacemaker.Eighty students came to the dance but only seventy-four tickets were collected at the door. Can you account for this discrepancy?At the budget hearing,there was considerable friction between the supporters and the opponents of higher taxes.Some business disputes can be settled out of court;others require litigation.The official antagonized the leader of his own party by accusing him of cowardice.The vote approving the amendment was far from unanimous;six members dissented.Motorists who disregard traffic regulations eventually become embroiled with the law.A quarrel over an inheritance estranged the brothers for many years.When I left,two neighbors were quarreling noisily. When I returned an hour later, they were still wrangling.It is doubtful whether anyone can make peace between the estranged partners;they have becoem irreconcilable.Cynthia is an independent thinker. Her opinions are often at variance with those of the rest of the class.EatingThere is a shelf in our kitchen for pepper,salt,mustard,catsup and other condiments.I had a second helping and would have taken a third except that I didn’t want to be considered a glutton.The hikes were so hungry that they devoured the hamburgers as fast as they were served.On a sultry afternoon you may find a long line of people at the drinking fountain,waiting to slake their thirst.Never eat wild mushrooms,even though they look edible. They may be poisonous.The watermelon was very luscious. Everyone wanted another slice.The main dish had little flavor,but I made it palatable by adding condiments.The steak will be dry if you leave it in the oven longer. Take it our now if you want it to be succulent.John would not be overweight if he were not such a voracious eater.Size / QuantityAfter the test I thought at first I had done very well, then quite well,and finally,poorly.I ran the gamut from confidence to despair.If you make the same mistake again,despite all my warnings,I will not hae one iota of sympathy for you.Shopping for clothes can be a small matter for some,but a problem of the greatest magnitude for others.At those low wages,few will apply for the job. Who wants to work for a pittance?Our committee doesn’t need any more help. We have superabundance of helpers.Since the football has lost air,we shall need a pump to inflate it.The game will be played in a colossal arena with a seating capacity of more than 60,000.Even during change of classes there is no crowding because the halls and stairways are commodious.In our science lesson tomorrow we shall consider whether space is bounded or infinite.If there is any salt in this soup,it must be infinitesimal. I can’t taste it.Frank kept my book for such an inordinate length of time that I shall never lend him anything again.The trouble with your studying is that you spend too much time on picayune details and not enough on the really important matters.The skyscraper dwarfs the surrounding buildings.by comparison to it,they seem puny.Weakness But he soon overcame this infirmity.The patient had been so debilitated by the fever that he lacked the strength to sit up.Evervated by the heat,we rested under a shady tree until our strength was restored.Ruth will be absent today. She is incapacitated by a sore throat.When industry moves away,a flourishing town may quickly become decadent.Bill rode past the street on a horse that looked decrepit and about to collapse.Up the road was an abandoned farmhouse,partially in ruins,and near it a barn,even more dilapidated.Judy understands algebra well but I have only a flimsy grasp of the subject.To be an astronaut,you must be in robut health. It is not an occupation for a frail person.StrengthFor centuries the British regarded their navy as their principal bulwark against invasion.The fortified city of Singapore was once considered unconquerable.In 1942,however,this citadel fell to the Japanese.I am better than Jack in English but not in math;that is his forte.The robust young pitcher performed with his usual vigor for seven innings,but he weakened in the eighth and was removed from the game.If you feel enervated by the heat,try a swim in the cool ocean. It will invigorate you.Excuses for not handing work in on time vary. Some are flimsy,as, for example,”I left it at home.” Others are more cogent,such as a physician’s note.If you elect Jessica,you may be sure she will present our views forcefully and energetically.She is a very dynamic speaker.Our hopes for an easy victory sank when our opponents took the field.They were much taller and huskier,and they looked formidable.Before World War II,the French regarded their Maginot Line as an impregnable bulwark against a German invasion.The lifeguard was in excellent physical condition.I had never seen anyone more robust.After the dog got the ball,I tried to dislodge it from her tenacious jaws,but I couldn’t.Your protest was too mild. If it had been more vehement,the dealer might have paid attention to it.NeglectThe royals must be on the playing field by 4 p.m. if they do not appear,they will lose the game by default.The finance company took away Mr.Lee’s car when he defaulted on the payments.The motorist was given a ticket for ignoring a stop sign.Some of the students in the play neglected their studies during rehearsals,but after the performance they caught up quickly.For leaving his post,the guard was charged with neglect of duty.Before his injury,Mike used to jump from the stairs,heedless of the “No Jumping”sign.Now he pays attention to it.Unfortunately,I made an inadvertent remark about Irma’s failure while she was present.The owner of the stolen car was himself remiss.he left the keys the vehicle.You would not expect anyone so neat in her personal appearance to be slovenly in her housekeeping.CareMy brother’s solicitude over getting into college ended when he received word that he had been accepted.The night watchmen who apprehended the thief ws praised for his vigilance.Our teacher said that we might have a test,but I didn’t heed her.That’s why I was unprepared.The guard at the gte scrutinizzed Harvery’s pass before letting him in,but he just glanced at mine.You were discreet not to say anything about our plans when Harry was here. He can’t keep a secret.Before signing a contract,one should read it carefully,including the fine print. This is one case where it pays to be meticulous.Mr.Brooks refused to be a judge because his wife’s niece is a contestant. He is very scrupulous.General Braddock might not have been defeated if he had been wary of an ambush.ResidenceOn their safari,the hunters stalked lions,tigers,and other ferocious denizens of the jungle.The announcement read:”The Coopers have moved and invite you to visit them at their new domicile,22 Apple Street.”When the warden took charge,the prison had fewer than 100 inmates.The entire Russo family are natives of New Jersey except the grandparents,who were born in Italy.Tobacco,potatoes,and tomatoes are native American plants that were introduced into Europe by explorers returning from the New World.Nomads have no fixed homes but move from region to region to secure their food supply.On her trip home,Jane will stop in St.Louis for a two day sojourn with relatives.Hundreds of thousands of suburban residents regularly commute to the city.Because they were persecuted in England,the Puritans migrated to Holland.In winter,many European birds migrate to the British Isles in search of a more temperate climate.Most of the Indians of the North American plains are nomadic.After living abroad or a time,Robert became homesick for his native land.DisobedienceThe union showed defiance of the court order against a strike by calling the workers off their jobs.Parking at the bus stop is illegal. Motorists committing this infraction are heavily fined.When the revolt broke out,the government ordered its troops to arrest the insurgents.The insurrection was easily suppressed,less than a dozen being slain on both sides.The work stoppage was caused by a few malcontents who felt they had been ignored when the promotions were made.The author of the pamphlet advocating the overthrow of the government was arrested for sedition.Jack’s previous record showed he had been an obedient student and had never transgressed school regulations.The owner erected a “Keep OFF” sign to discourage strangers from trespassing on his land.Do as mother says. If you are insubordinate,father will probably hear of it.Though I had care fully explained the shorter route to him, the perverse youngster came by the longer way.ObedienceEvery school day,millions of children “pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America and to the republic for which it stands.”Though I wasn’t enthusiastic about Tom’s plan to go fishing,I acquiesced in it because there seemed nothing else to do.Husbands as a rule do not decide on the colors of home furnishings but defer to their wives in these matters.Mr.Walker,who had been told that he was getting a disciplined class,was surprised to find it unruly.Though he boasted he would never be taken alive,the outlaw submitted without a struggle when the police arrived.Dan is easy to each,but his brother is not so docile.Only two of the girls protested when they were ordered off the field. The rest were too meek to complain.We tried to get Joe to change his mind,but he was not pliable. Perhaps you can influence him.For his cabinet,the dictator wanted tractable men. Therefore,he appointed no one whom he could not control.TimeMy sister dawdles over the dishes. Mother gets them done without wasting time.Most of the picnickers took cover when rain seemed imminent. The few that procrastinated got drenched.We had planned to stay only for lunch but,at our host’s insistence, we protracted our visit until after dinner.Carl’s sore arm is not a new development but the return of a chronic ailment.Rhoda is a chronic complainer. She is always dissatisfied.When the strike is settled,there will probably be an increase in wages and a concurrent increase in prices.By the sudden darkening of the skies and the thunder in the distance,we could tell that rain was imminent.Certain serious deseases can be successfully treated if detected in and incipient stage.There were intervals when the sun broke through the clouds,because the showers were intermittent.Don’t think that war has plagued only our times. It has been  aperennial curse of man.Some grasses last only a year. Others are perennial.Though polio has practically been wiped out,there have been sporadic cases of the disease.NecessityThe union and management held a lengthy meeting without getting to the essence of the men’s dissatisfaction-low wages.A mark of at least 75% in Basic Art is a prerequisite for Advenced Art.Can your family afford the extra expense that a larger apartment entails?Mr. Brown told Ellen that her refusal to work necessitates sending for her parents.If your friend ere in trouble,wouldn’t you feel obliged to go his help?Helen has agreed to lend me the book I need. This obviates my trip to the library.State law makes attendance at school compulsory for children of certain ages.Were it not for your gratuitous interference,the children would have quickly settled their dispute.If you have failed a subject you need for graduation,it is imperative that you go to summer school.Dan felt it incumbent on him to pay for the window,since he had hit the ball that broke it.We can do without luxuries and entertainment. However,food,shelter,and clothing are indispensable.Before preparing for tomorrow’s party,I have some more prssing matters to attend to, such as finishing my report.Since we already have enough food for the picnic,please don’t bring any because it will only be superfluous.希腊词根Aut,Auto --- selfIn her autobiography The Story of My Life, Helen keller tells how unruly she was as a young child.The autocrat was replaced by a ruler responsible to the people.The baseball star wrote his autograph for an admirer who came up to him with a pencil and scorecard.Many workers have lost their jobs as a result of automation.An autocrat prefers his subjects to be automatons,rather than intelligent human beings.After World War II, many colonies were granted autonomy and became independent nations.The cause of the actor’s sudden death will not be known until the autopsy has been performed.When you withdraw money,the bank compares your signature with the one in its files to see if it is authentic.You do not have to defrost this refrigerator because it is equipped with an automatic defroster.The Alumni Association is not under the control of the school. It is a completely autonomous group.Cracy---governmentBefore 1789,France was an aristocracy.When the Revolution of 1789 began,many members of the French aristocracy fled to other lands.Germany under Adolf Hitler ws an autocracy.The mayor was criticized for setting up an inefficient bureaucracy unresponsive to the needs of the people.France helped the Thirteen Colonies establish the firse New World democracy.If only millionaires can afford to run for office,we shall quickly become a plutocracy.Many are opposed to a technocracy because they do not wish to be ruled by technical experts.An aristocrat would like to see noblemen in control of the government.Winston Churchill was born an aristocrat;he was the son of Sir Randolph Churchill.The Senator used to be a Republican but is now a Democrat.Dem,Demo---peopleNo responsible leader,only a demagogue,would tell the people that,if elected,he will solve all their problems.The high rate of absence in the lower grades last spring was caused by the measles epidemic.Federal aid was granted to the depressed area where unemployment had risen to epidemic proportions.The adoption of the 19th Amendment,giving women the franchise greatly democratized the United States.A nation cannot be considered democratic unless its leaders are chosen by the people in free elections.Pan,panto---completeA two-week vacation is wonderful for fatigue,but will not cure baldness or improve vision. It is no panaca.The huge crowds in Times Squake grew noisier as the old year ticked away,and when midnight struck there was pandemonium.The opposing knights,mounted and in full panoply,awaited the signal for the tournament to begin.The top of the Empire State Building affords an excellent panorama of New York City and the surrounding area.Not until THE GREAT DICTATOR did Charlie Chaplin play a speaking part. All his previous roles were in pantomime.The Pan-American Highway links all of the countries of the Western Hemisphere rom Alaska to Chile.Chron,Chrono---timeIt is an anachronism to say that william Shakespeare “typed” his manuscripts.One of the earliest accounts of King Arthur occurs in a 12th-century chronicle of the kings of Britain.Bruce named all the Presidents,but he made an error in chronology when he placed Ulysses S.Grant after Abraham Lincoln,instead of after Andrew Johnson.The magazines in this file are not in chronological order. I found the February issue after the October one.The clocks in the library need to be synchronized; one is a minute and a half behind the other.The millionaire who was caught shoplifting was found to be suffering from kleptomania.For a student with an A average to quit school two months before graduation is sheer mania.Though I am still fond of stamp collecting,I no longer have the mania for it that I originally had.The deranged behavior of John’s brother leaves little doubt that he is a maniac.The preson arrested for setting the fire had been suspected of pyromania on two previous occasions.The customer protested in such a loud, violent,and maniacal manner that onlookers thought he had lost his sanity.Ped---childThere are four different encyclopedias in the reference section of our school library.Patients recovering from broken limbs are housed in the hopital’s orthopedic ward.A new teacher usually receives a great deal of help from the more experienced pedagogues.Mr.Brown’s lessons are usually excellent. He is a master of pedagogy.When the baby developed a fever, Mother telephoned the pediatricianFrom the number of baby carriages outside his office,you can tell that Dr.Enders specializes in pediatrics.Ortho---correctA student who wears braces on his teeth is obviously under the care of an orthodontist.American and English orthography are very much alike.A deformity of the spine is a condition that requires the attention of an orthopedist.There ws no religious liberty in the Massachusetts Bay Colony. Roger Williams,for example, was banished because he did not accept orthodox Puritan beliefs.Vaccination was rejected as unorthodox when Dr. Jenner first suggested it.Gen, Gena---raceDiana can trace her descent from an ancestor who fought in the Civil War. I know much less about my own genealogy.According to legend,the Trojan War had its genesis in a dispute between three Greek goddesses.If dairies did not homogenize milk,the cream would be concentrated at the top instead of being evenly distributed.Many different racial and cultural groups are to be found in the heterogeneous population of a large city.The dancers for the ballet were selected for similarity of height and build so that they might present a homogeneous appearance.Meter,Metr---measureWhen the barometer indicates a rapid drop in air pressure,it  means a storm is coming.Unlike ordinary clocks and watches,chronometers are little affected by temperature changes or vibration.Some giant redwood trees measure 325 feet in height and up to 30 feet in diameter.When water meters are installed,it will be easy to tell how much water each home is using.A meter is 3.37 inches longer than a yard.All eyes,except the driver’s,were fastened on the odometer as it moved from 9,999.9 to 10,000 miles.The intensity of a source of light,such as an eletric liht bulb,can be measured with a photometer.I advised Dad to slow down as we were in a 30-mile-an-hour zone and his speedometer registered more than 40.As the planes sped by,we were impressed by the perfect symmetry of their V-formation.Ant,Anti---againstJapan was our antagonist in the World War II.Brutus is the main character in William Shakespeare’s JULIUS CAESAR, and Antony is his antagonist.The antibiotic penicillin stops the growth of bacteria causing pneumonia,tonsillitis,and certain other diseases.When the body is invaded by foreign agents such as bacteria or viruses,the antibodies go to work against them.By telephone,the physician prescribed the exact antidote to be given immediately to the poison victim.A few of the neighbors have an antipathy to dogs,but most are ond of them.The wound was carefully washed;then an antiseptic,tincture of iodine,was applied.We are injected with diphtheria antitoxin produced in horses beause the antitoxin manufactured by our bodies may not be enough to prevent diphtheria.“Temporary” is the antonym of “permanent”.Onym,Onomato---wordThe word “radar” is an acronym for Radio Detecting And Range.“Fair”and “fare” are homonyms.Notice the onomatopoeia in these lines by the poet John Drydth:” The double,double,double beat/Of the thundering drum.”O.Henry is pseudonym of William Sydney Porter.“Building” is a synonym for “edifice.”When you write a letter to the editor,be sure to sign it. Responsible publications eill not print anonymous letters.Derm,Dermato---skinThe patient with the skin disorder is under the care of a dermatologist.The tiny cells from which hairs grow are located in the dermis.Although very thin,the epidermis serves to protect the underlying dermis.The lifelike models of animals that you see in museums are the work of taxidermists.A hypodermic syringe is used for injecting medication beneath the skin.Nom,Nem---management.The science of agronomy helps farmers obtain larger and better crops.Being a gastronome,my uncle is well acquainted with the best restaurants in the city.The fleeing murderer escaped the bullets of two pursuing policeman ran itno a third who proved to be his nemesis.We would have ended the season without a defeat if not for our old nemesis,Greeley High.The first astronomical observations with a telescope were made by the Italian scientist Galileo.It is difficult to conceive of so astronomical a sum as one hundred billion dollars.The President’s chief economic adviser expects that production will continue at the same rate for the rest of the year.Which is the most economical fuel for home heating-gas,electricity,or oil?Phan,Phen---showWhen used as a wrapper,cellophane lets the purchaser see the contents of the package.We must be able to distinguish between fact and fancy.Anne is not sure whether she saw a face at the window.Perhaps it was only a fantasy.The phantom of the slain Caesar appeared to Brutus in a dream.Philip is a phenomenon in math. He always gets 100% on tests.Fever and infalmmation are phenomenon of disease.Young Mozart, a phenomenal child,began composing music at the age of 5.Robert Fulton’s proposal to build a steamboat was was at first regarded as fantastic.Therm,Thermo---heatDiathermy may be proscribed for arthritis,bursitis,and other conditions requiring heat treatment.During the hot spell,the thermometer reached 100 degrees on six days in a row.We set the thermostat to shut off the heat when the room temperature reaches 72 degrees.At Lava Hot Springs in Idaho,visitors may bathe in the thermal mineral waters.It is believed that the sun gets its energy from thermonuclear reactions constantly taking place within it.Prot,Proto---firstBrutus is the protagonist in William Shakespeare’s JULIUS CAESAR,and Antony is the antagonist.The protocol initiated by the representatives of the three nations is expected to lead to a formal treaty.It is a breach of protocol for a subordinate publicly to question the judgment of his uperior officer.Protoplasm distinguishes living from nonliving things.The crude craft in which the Wright brothers made the first successful flight in 1903 was the prototype of the modern airplane.The tiny protozoans are believed to be the first animals to have appeared on earth.Thesis,thetI cannot vote for a condidate who stands for the antithesis of what I believe.In “crafty Ulysses” and “Richard the Lion-Hearted” the epithets are “crafty” and “the Lion-Hearted”.When Columbus first presented his hypothesis that the earthis round,very few belieed it.Only political parties can produce the synthesis or compromise of interest necessary to make representative government work.Do you agree with Elbert’s thesis that a student court would be good for our school?Candidates for advanced college degrees usually must write a thesis based on original research.Cotton is a natural fiber,but rayon and nylon are synthetic.Aster,Astr,Astro---starMost asters bloom in the fall.The asterisk after “Reduced to $1.95” refers to a footnote reding “Today only.”Compared to planet Earth,some asteroids are tiny,measuring less than a mile in diameter.If an asteroid loses an arm to an attacker,it can grow back the missing arm.An astrologer would have people believe that their lives are regulated by the movements of the stars,planets,sun and moon.Yuri Ggarin,the world’s first astronaut,orbited the earth in an artificial satellite on April 12,1961.Because the stars are so far away,astronomers measure their distance from Earth in “light years”.The attack on Pearl Harbor was the worst disaster in the history of the U.S.Navy.Gram,Graph---letter“Moat” is an anagram for “atom”.Ancient cartographers did not know of the existence of the Western Hemisphere.Military leaders,diplomats,and businessmen use cryptograms to relay secret information.After reading Mrs.Hale’s electrocardiogram,the physician assured her that her heart was working properly.“The more things aman is ashamed of ,the more respectabe he is“ is one of George Bernard Shaw’s epigrams.“Lead” pencils do not contain lead,but rather a mixture of clay and graphite.Some of Dad’s hadkerchiefs are embroidered with his monogram.For his thesis,the student plans to write a monograph on the life of an obscure 19th-century composer.A court stenographer has to be able to take down more than 250 words a minute.The reporter’s graphic descriptin made us feel that we were present at the scene.Proofs submitted by the printer should be carefully checked to eliminate typographical errors.拉丁词首词根Ab,A,Abs---from,offThe automobile was a total wreck,but the river,luckily,escaped with minor cuts and abrasions.My uncle,an accountant,composes music as an avocation.The aging king abdicated his throne and went into retirement.The Greeks attacked Troy to recover Helen,who had veen abducted by the Trojan prince Paris.Janet is doing her best to pass English because she abhors the thought of having to repeat it in summer school.A wide search is under way for the manager who absconded with $10000 of his employer’s funds.The fact that you were absent when the assignment was given does not absolve you from dong the homework.Of the three suspects,two were found guilty and the third was absolved.My dentist said I would have fewer cavities if I abstained from eating candy.The mayor promised to do everything in his power to avert a strike by newspaper employees.We had three absences today,which is abnormal.Usually,everyone is present.Today’s art lesson came to an abrupt end when the gongs sounded for a fire drill.That was an absorbing book.it held my interest from beginning to end.I am in favor of the dance,but I am averse to holding it on May 25.You can count on Martha’s support in your campaign for reelection.she is one of your most loyal adherents.The Weather Bureau gave adeqquate warning of the advent of the hurricane.Before the contest began,the champion shook hands with his adversary.People who work at night have to adapt themselves to sleeping in the daytime.“Gone With The Wind” was adapted for the movies.Mexico adjoins the United States.The judge adjourned the court to the following Monday.You will not become addicted to smoking if you refuse cigarettes when they are offered.The student who arived ten minutes late did not hve adequate time to finish the test.The island of Cuba is adjacent to Florida.Because of adverse review,the producer announced that the play will close with tonight’s performance.Ante---before ;Post ---afterDavid’s antecedents came to this country more than a hundred years ago.If the physician is busy when patients arrive,the nurse asks them to wait in the anteroom.The purpose of a postmortem is to discover the cause of death.After signing the letter,I noticed I had omited an important fact.therefore,I mentioned it in a postscript.If you used yesterday’s date on a check written today,you have antedated the check.Alaska antedates Hawaii as a state,having gained statehood on January 3,1959,seven months before hawaii.This a postdated chek;it has tomorrow’s date on it.Our classes usually begin at 8 a.m.At 4 p.m. the chairman announced the debate to be closed.Fter college,Mary hopes to do postgraduate work in law school.Bi---two;Semi---halfThe bicentennial of George Washington’s birth was celebrated in 1932.At the end of the lesson,agroup gathered about the teacher in a semicircle to ask additional questions.A diameter is a line that bisects a circle.The american legislature is bicameral;it consists of the House of Representatives and the Senate.A defeated candidate for the House of Representatives must wait two years before running aain,because the elections are biennial.We receive only six bills a year because we are billed on a bimonthly basis.Promotion in our school is semiannual;it occurs in January and June.Employees paid on a semimonthly basis receive two salary checks per month.French forces joined the Americans in a bilateral action against the British at the Battle of Yorktown in 1781.Montreal has a large number of bilingual citizens who speak English and French.Some schools in Spanish-speaking communities send bilingual notices,written in English and Spanish,to the parents.Congressional committees are bipartisan;they consist of both Democratic and Republican members.In the morning, as you begin to awaken,you are in a semiconscious state.All the houses on the block are attached,except the corner ones,which are semidetached.Workers who enter a semiskilled occupation do not have to undergo a long period of training.E,Ex---out;In,Im---in,againstThe king promised to pardon any insurgent who would lay down his arms.General Washington led the insurgent forces in the Revolutionary War.Running water is one of the principal causes of soil erosion.In 1889,Charles Steinmetz,an engineer,emigrated from Germany..In 1889,Charles Steinmetz immigrated to the United States.The suggestion to lengthen the school year has evoked considerable opposition.Refusing to answer the question,the witness invoke the Fifth Amendment,which protects a person from being compelled to testify against himself.With a penknife,he peeled the apple and excised the wormy part.The letters on the monument had been incised with a chisel.The art department is exhibiting the oustanding posters produced in its classes.Ellen told the child not to cry,but he could not inhibit his tears.Expelled from the university because of poor grades,the student applied for readmission the following term.Gregg’s low mark in the midterm impelled him to study harder for the final.Irma ws so enervated by the broiling sun that she nearly fainted.The accused is not the only guilty party;two others are implicated.The treasurer should not have been offended when asked for a financial report.No one was impuging his honesty.On July 14,1789,the people of Paris freed the prisoners incarcerated in the Bastille.The name of the winner will be inscribed on the medal.Steinmetz’s discoveries in the field of electricity made him one of the eminent scientists of the twentieth century.At the first flash of lightning,the beach crowd scurried for shelfter from the imminent storm.An exclusive club does not readily accept newcomers.Before the game,each team had exclusive use of the field for a ten-minute practice period.The film will be shown from August 22 to 24,inclusive,for a total of three days.Extra—outside;Intra—withinWhy don’t you join an extracurricular activity,such as a club,the school newspaper,or a team?You said you would stick to the topic,but you keep introducing extraneous issues.Reliable salesmen do not make extravagant claims for their product.In a few months,the extravagant heir spent the fortune of a lifetime.The intramural program,in which one class competes with another,gives you a greater chance to participate than the interscholastic program between teams of competing schools.The Democrats are trying to heal intraparty strife so as to present a united front in the coming election.Commerce between the states is regulated by the Interstate Commerce Commission,but intrastate commerce is supervised by the states themselves.Patients are nourished by intravenous feeding when too ill to take food by mouth.Contra,Contro,Counter---againstAre you on the pro or con side of this argument?Before taking an important step,crefully study the pros and ons of the matter.Customs officials examined the luggage of the suspected smuggler but found no contraband.American controversy with Great Britain over the Oregon Territory nearly led to war.By invading the neutral nation,the dictator contravened his earlier pledge to guarantee its independence.The monitor ordered the student to go to the end of the line,but the teacher countermanded the order.The student’s plan to drop out of school ran counter to his parents’ wishes.The suspects’ fingerprints on the safe were considered incontrovertible evidence that he had participated in the robbery.Inter---betweenBetween World War II and the Korean War,there was a five year interlude of peace.For his role as intermediary in helping to end the Russo-Japanese War,theodore Roosevelt won the Novel Peace Prize.During the intermission between the first and second acts,you will have a chance to purchase refreshments.My brother would have lost the argument if Dad hadn’t interceded for him.We gained possession of the ball when Russ intercepted a forward pass.Broadway intersects Seventh Avenue at Time Square.The summer vacation intervenes the close of one school year and the beginning of the next.Let the boys settle the dispute by themselves;don’t intervene.It is difficult to make interlinear notes if the space between the lines is very small.The only way to get to the next town is by automobile or taxi;there is no interurban bus.In,Il,Im,Ir---not,unAs a result of stricter enforcement,speeders are no longer able to break the law with impunity.Alice refused to let me see her notes,despite the fact that I have always lent her mine.did you ever hear of such ingratitude?I could read most of the signatures,but a few were illegible.The new nation undertook to teach its illiterate citizens to read and write.It is illogical to vote for a candidate whom you have no faith in.Nearly every soap manufacturer claims his product will make dirty linens immaculate.Don’t use such baby talk! People will think you are mentally immature.For most of the year,the Eskimo settlements in northern Quebec are inaccessible,except by air.It is almost impossible to cross our street during the rush hour because of the incessant flow of traffic.No compromiss is possible when both sides remain inflexible.When the visitors come to our school,we should make them feel at home;otherwise they will think we are inhospitable.Scientists are finding solutions to many problems that up to now were insoluble.Salt dissolves in water,but sand is insoluble.After Romeo and Juliet died,their families,who had been irreconcilable enemies,became friends.Stick to the topic;don’t make irrelevant remarks.When the umpire says you are out,it is useless to argue because his decision is irrevocable.Bene ---good;Mal---evilBefore beginning his difficult jouney,the young man visited his parents to receive their benediction.With her dying breath,Queen Dido pronounced a malediction on Aeneas and all his descendants.The museum could not have been built without the gift of a million dollars by a wealthy benefactor.Shortly after the crime,the malefactor was apprehanded and turned over to the police.The sick and the needy will be the beneficiaries of your gift to the community fund.I suspect Ronnie tripped me so that I wouldn’t be able to play tomorrow.He did it not as a joke but out of malice.The lack of milk and fresh vegetables in the child’s diet was responsible for his malnutrition.Two news photographers were attacked by the mob,and their camers were smashed.it is disgraceful that they were so maltreated.Rest is usually beneficial to a person suffering from a bad cold.A benevolent employer has a sincere interest in the welfare of his employees.I have heard some malevolent misrepresentation of her.Carlo was maladjusted in the early grades,not because of poor inteloligence but because he couldn’t speak English.De---down,opposite ofA wrecking crew is demolishing the old builiding.For eing absent without leave,the corporal was demoted to private.The building superintendent feels depreciated if you refer to him as the “janitou”Students who tell lies are despised by their classmates.Mr.Parker always notifies the parents when a student neglects his homework,and he will not deviate from this rule in your case.The children must have been strved when they came in for dinner because they devoured their food.The decadent downtown section was once a flourishing business district.Maple,elm,birch,and other deciduous trees lose their leaves in the fall.Whoever did this must have been demented;no sane person would have acted in such a way.Children are dependent on their parents until they are able to earn their own living.Dis---opposite ofJack should hae had $8 in his wallet,but he had only $6. He could not account for the discrepancy.The bicycle I lent tom had been good condition,but he returned it in disrepair.The parents discredited the child’s story,since he was in the habit of telling falsehoods.The explosion disintegrated an entire wing of the factory.When the matter ws put to a vote,29 agreed and 4 dissented.Passengers should do nothing to distract the drver’s attention from the road.Dan was discontent with his Spanish mark;he had expected at least 10 point more.For a dispssionate account of how the fight started,ask a neutral observer not a participant.The compromise was welcomed by all the strikers except a small dissident group who felt that the raises were too small.Se---apartSouth Carolina’s secession was imitated by ten other states and led to the formation of the confederacy.The signers of the Declaration of Independence, if captured by the enemy,would probably have been tried for sedition.When Abraham Lincoln was elected President in 1860,South Carolina seceded from the Union.Ann was so upset by her failure in math that she secluded herself and refused to see anyone.In most high schools,boys and girls attend the same classes,except in health education,where they are segregated.Are you worried about passing the midterm exam,or do you feel secure?Land in a growing city is a secure investment.Circum---roundThe circumference of a circle equals πtimes the diameter.The circumbocution”the game ended with a score that was not in our favor” should be replaced by “we lost the gme.”Ferdinand Magellan’s expedition was the first to circumnavigte the globe.The principal has requested all teachers to circumscribe failures in red on the report cards.The patient was placed on a very circumscribed diet;he was forbidden to have coffee,spices,or raw fruits or vegetables.To circumvent local sales taxes,shoppers often buy in neighboring communities that do not have such taxes.Don’t jump to a conclusion before considering all the facts.Be circumspect.Con,Co,Col,Cor-togetherIt was not known whether the price increases resulted from higher costs or from collusion among the producers.Neighbors cannot live in concord if their children keep fighting with one another.During the Revolutionary War,the thirteen colonies coalesced into one nation.Tom is collaborating on the work with his friend.The House and the Senate will convene at noon to hear an address by the President.Jack’s account of how the fight started did not correspond with the other boy’s version.In coherent writing,every sentence is connected in thought to the previous sentence.Helen keller’s deafness and blindness were not congenital defects but were acquired after birth.Ob-against,overIf we beat Central High tomottow,we shall have removed the last obstacle us and the championship.Today’s rain has completely obliterated yesterday’s snow;not a trace remains.The notion that she had forgotten to lock the front door obsessed mother all through the movie.The disabled vehicles obstructed traffic until removed by a tow truck.It is unwise for an outsider to obtrude his opinions into a family quarrel.By removing her hat,the lady in front obviated the need for me to change my seat.Per-though,thoroughlyThe surgeon said the tack had gone through Betty’s shoe and sock without perforating her skin.At breakfast the aroma of freshly brewed coffee permeates the kitchen and dining room.I need help with the fourth problem;it perplexes me.The teacher told Eric to stop whispering.When he persisted she sent him to the dean.The rain was supposed to end in the morning,but it persisted through the afternoon and evening.Maggie’s parents were perturbed when they learned she had failed two subjects.Authors have come and gone,but Shakespeare has remained a perennial favorite.Perennials like theazalea and forsythia bloom year after year.Stick to the point;don’t give information that is not pertinent.Pre-beforeThe preface usually provides information that the reder should know before the book.Last night my parents attended a preview of a play scheduled to open next Tuesday.Did your report follow or precede Jane’s?a prior engagement precludes my coming to your party.My preconceived dislike for the book disappeared when I read a few chapters.	Prefabricated homes are quickly erected by putting together large sections previously constructed at a factory.The jury decided that the blow was struck in a moment of panic and had not been premeditated.Nineteen of the sailors have rescued.One is missing and presumed dead.If Nancy’s three-year-old brother can read,he must be a precocious child.Pro-forwardAt the budget hearing,both the proponents and the opponents of the tax increase will be able to present their views.To a freshman,graduation is a distant but pleasant prospect.Start working on the assignment without delay.It doesn’t pay to procrastinate.The apparatus projects missiles into space.Jet-propelled planes travel at very high speeds.Our cousins stayed with us only for the weekend bu tpromised to return in July for a protracted visit.Keep your feet under your desk;do not let them protrude into the aisle.Jeff’s account of his experiences on a farm provoked much laughter.There would have been no fight if you hadn’t provoked your brother by calling him names.When I fell behind in French,the teacher asked one of the more proficient students to help me.Despite a large income,the actor hads saved very little because he is profuse spender.The Mayor,the Governor,and several other prominent citizens attended the preview.Am,Amor-love,likingThe performance was staged by a group of amateurs who have been studying dramatics as a hobby.When it comes to baking a cake,Mother’s the expert;I’m only an amateur.We must look ahead to the time when the dispute is over and amity is restored.Cindy is an amiable child;everybody likes her.Let us try to settle our differences in an amicable manner.In the famous balcony scene,the amorous Romeo expreses undying love for Juliet.John Rolfe,an English settler,became enamored of the Indian princess Pocahontas and married her.Anim-mind,willSomeday the animosity that led to the war will be replaced by amity.Thought david defeated me in the election I bear no animus toward hkm;we are good friends.If you become extremely upset when you lose a game,it is a sign that you lack equanimity.In almost every discussion there is bound to be some disagreement,Don’t expect unanimity.The first time I was late,Miss O’Neill excused me with the warning that she would not be so magnanimous the next time.Except for one student,who voted”no”the class was unanimous in wanting the party.Fin-end,boundaryBecause they share the same language and ideals,Americans and Englishmen have an affinity for one another.Every skit in our class show was loudly applauded,from the opening scene to the finale.The story is far from complete because the finis is not yet written.I will confine my remarks to the causes of the War of 1812;the next speaker will discuss its results.Remember that your anwer will be treated as definitive.You will not be permitted to change it.Flu,Fluc,Flux-flowAir,water,molasses,and milk are all fluids.During November,the military situation situation remained fluid,with advances and retreats by both sides.When prices are in a state of flux,many buyers delay purchases until conditions are more settled.The discovery of gold in California in 1848 caused a large influx of settles from the East.Recently the price of a pound of tomatoes has fluctuated from a high of 45 cents to low of 2 cents.Do you have to grope for words,or are you a fluent speaker?Gen,Gener,Genit---birth,classPoe was the originator of a genre of detective story.The bible states that Adam was the progenitor of the human race.But for the skill of the presiding officer,the debate would he degenerated into an exchange of insults.Name-calling engenders hatred.The new manager regenerated the losing team and made it a strong contender for first place.Greg --- gatherAt the airport,the homecoming champions were welcomed by a huge aggregation of admirers.The minister addressed the congregation on the meaning of brotherhood.The warden believes in segregation of first offenders from hardened criminals.The aggregate strength of the allies was imprssive,though individually some were quite weak.Except for hermits and recluses,who shun company,most people are gregarious.Here,Hes-stickIf the relationship between the first sentence and what follows is not clear,the paragraph lacks coherence.There can be no real cohesion in an alliance if the parties have little in common.Apply the sticker according to the directions,or it will not adhere.I glued together the fragments of the vase,but they did not cohere.Because of her inherent carlessness,I doubt my sister can ever be a good driver.Lateral-sideA square is a quadrilateral.After voting for the rod building program,the legislature took up the collateral issue of how to raise the necessary funds.If one side of an equilateral triangle measures three feet,the other two must also be three feet each.The building plan shows both a front and a lateral view of the proposed structure.A mother has to be a nurse,housekeeper,shopper,cook,teacher,etc.She plays a multilateral role.Don’t judge the mattter by my opponent’s unilateral statement.Note the alliteration in the line “Sing a song of sixpence.”When registering as a new voter,take along your diploma as proof of literacy.We translate “laissez-faire”as “absence of government interference,” but its literal meaning is “let do.”Mark Twain is one of the greatest figures in our literary history.The school’s main goal in working with adults who can neither read nor write is to make them literate.Luc,Lum---lightA number of luminaries,including a Novel prize winner and two leding authors,will be present.I asked the teacher to elucidate a point that was not clear to me.To obviate misunderstanding,state the directions in the most lucid way possible.With this watch you can tell time in the dark because its hads and dial are luminous.Lamp shades are translucent bu tnot transparent.Man,Manu---handThe manacles were removed from the prisoner’s wrists.After World War I,Syria became a French mandate.The walkout ws a clear violation of the court’s mandate against a strike.Each student has a learner’s permit and a copy of the “Driver’s manual.”Miling,fomerly a manual operation,is now done by machine.The uthor’s manuscript is now at the printer.The washing machine has emancipated housewives from a great deal of drudgery.In today’s lesson I learned how to manipulate the steering wheel.Pend,Pens---hangA school edition of a novel usually has an appendix containing explanatory notes. The pendant dangling from the chain around her neck looked like a medal,but it was really a watch.If you have seen the marks,please tell me whether I passed or failed;don’t me in suspense!If you had in your report late,append a note explaining the reason for the delay.She wore a green pendant suspended from a silver chain.Train service will be suspended from midnight to 4 a.m. to permit repairs.At the first flash of lightning,people scurried for shelter from the impending storm.Has a decision been reached on a date for the game,or is the matter still pending?Barbara agreed to conduct the meeting pending the election of a permanent chairman.Pon,Pos---putDid the king abdicate or was he deposed?Cleaning up after the job is the repairman’s responsibility.Don’t let him impose it on you.Mr.Marx has postponed the test until tomorrow to give us an extra day to study.Today’s snowfall superimposed a fresh two inches on yesterday’s accumulation.There is a misspelled word on your paper,”strenght.”Correct it by transposing the last two letters.Scrib,Script---writeThe inscription on Paul’s medal reads “For excellence in English.”Both candidates used professional scribes to prepare their campaign speeches.How much time did the actors have to memorize the script?The petition to nominate Sue for president of the freshman class already has forty-three subscribers.When there are not enough volunteers for the armed forces the government conscripts additional men.The law prescribes that aliens may not vote.Her physician prescribed some pills,a light diet,and plenty of rest.Simil,Simul-similarThe two pills are alike in color and shape,but there the similarity ends.“He is as brave as a lion.” Is a simile.The letter n in the prefix in is often assimilated with the following letter. For example,”in”plus “legible”becomes”illegible.”A bright student assimilates knowledge rapidly.Nancy was the star of the show;she simulated the bewildered mother very effectively.These gloves are not a pair;they are quite dissimilar.The flash of an explosion reaches us before the sound,though the two are simultaneous.Sol,Soli-singleWhat an actor says in a soliloguy is heard by no one except the audience.Thought I like company,there are times when I prefer solitude.Instead of sining a solo,Brenda would prefer to join with me in a duet.After the war,the villagers hope to return to their desolated homes.At 5:30 a.m. the normally crowded intersection looks desolate.Franklin D.Roosevelt was the sole candidate to be elected President for a fourth term.A hermit leads a solitary existence.Solv,Solu,Solut-loosenWhen President Lincoln took office,the Union faced imminent dissolution.Since the memvers lack mutual interests,the club will probably dissolve.After our quarrel,Grace and I dissoved our friendship.The resolution of our air and water pollution problems will be difficult and costly.A witness provided the clue that resolved the mystery.A democratic ruler is restricted by a consitution,a legislature,and courts,but a dictator has absolute power,As an analogy,Sugar is soluble in water.Someone would have found the answer by now if the problem were soluble.In a salt water solution,the water is the solvent and the salt is the solute.The examiners found the bank solvent,much to the relief of its depositors.Und,Unda-wave,flowOur nation abounds in opportunities for well-educated young men and women.Fish abound in the waters of Newfoundland.On Election Night,the victor’s offices were inundated by congratulatory messages.Our team’s sportmanlike conduce redounds to the credit of the school.Before Christmas,the stores have abundant supplies of toys.Remove the last word of the following sentence because it is redundant:”My report is longer than Bob’s report.”Ver,Vera,Veri-true,truthSince you have lied us in the past,you should not wonder that we doubt your veracity.We would like to know your verdict in the matter.That smoking is injurious to health is a scientifically established verity.Two eyewitnesses averred they had seen the defendant at the scene.So far,the charges have been neither disproved nor verified.As the pretended heirs of Peter Wilks were disposing of his fortune,the veritable heirs arrived.Vid,Vis-seeWith the fog rolling in and visibility approaching zero,it was virtually impossible for planes to land.Coach Brown envisions Mary as a prima ballerina.Did the entertainer prepare his jokes before the program,or improvise them as he went along?Before handing in your composiotn,be sure to revise it carefully.The microscope enables us to see organisms invisible to the naked eye.The audio and video signals of a television program caxn be recorded on magnetic tape.Radar tells us of an approaching object long before visual contact is possible.盎格鲁．萨克逊Fore-beforeHenry protected his face from George’s blows by raising his forearms.John F.Kennedy’s forebears migrated to America from Ireland.The day before the accident,I had a foreboding that something would go wrong.Have you listened to the weather forecast for tomorrow?In combat the officer was always in the forefront of the attack,leading his men on to victory.Foresight is better than hindsight.Before Chapter I,there is a brief foreword in which the author explains why he wrote the book.Our defeat in the championship game was foreshadowed by injuries to two of our star players in a previous game.Carefully review the foregoing chapter before reading any further.Did you know that Benjamin Franklin was one of the foremost inventors of the eighteenth century?Mis-bad(ly),wrong(ly)People thought the earth was flat until Columbus corrected that misbelief.The wrongdoer was punished for his misdeed by a fine and imprisonment.Dad has no misgivings when Mother takes the wheel,because she is an excellent driver.Right after the collison,each driver blamed the other for the mishap.Quitting school is a misstemp that you may regret for the rest of your life.The bear escaped when the hunter’s rifle misfired.Yesterday I mislaid my biology book,and it took me about a half hour to find it.Some traffic signs are so confusing that they mislead the traveler.Out-beyond,more thanThe outlook for unskiled laborers is not bright,as their jobs are gradually being taken over by machines.The output of the average American factory worker is steadily increasing.The jacket Dad bought me last year is too small. I have outgrown it.Our kitchen tale is more solidly constructed than the chairs and will probably outlast them.We scored a touchdown when Joe caught a forward pass and outran his pursuers.In his detective stories,Jim manages to outwit the cleverest criminals.A masquerade is always interesting because people come in such outlandish costumes.Mary sometimes hurts others when she criticizes their work because she is too outspoken.-Over---too,overDo not take more of the medicine than the doctor ordered;an overdose may be dangerous.We have a shortage of skilled technicians but an oversupply of unskilled workers.It would overburden me to have my piano lesson Thursday because I have so much homework on that day.Joe overestimated the capacity of the bus when he thought it could hold 60;it has room for only 48.Their gaieties were overshadowed by the sad news.The department store guards were nearly overwhelmed by the crowds of shoppers waiting for the sale to begin.When the monitor gave too many orders,the techer scolded him for being overbearing.I was so sure of passing that I wasn’t going to study,but Dad advised me not to be oversonfident.Because the service was poor,Mother thought Dad was overgenerous in leaving the waiter a 15% tip.Un-notThe audience was breathless with anxiety during the daring tightrope act,though the acrobats themselves performed with seeming unconcern for their own safety.If you think I can get Mr.Black to hire you because he is my cousin,let me undeceive you.I have no influence with him.The unsportsmanlike noises of the fans so unnerved our star player that he missed two foul shots in a row.The previous secretary had mixed up the files so badly that it took my sister about a week to unscramble them.When mutinous sailors were put in irons in the olden days,nobody was allowed to unshackle them.Though an abridged dictionary is convenient to use,it contains far fewer definitions than an unabridged dictionary.Don’t ask the mother of a contestant to serve as a judge because it may be hard for her to remain unbiased.Many teenagers have an unquenchable thirst for adventure stories;they read one after another.An unwary pedestrian is much more likely to be struck by a car than one who looks both ways and crosses with the light.On its way through the dense jungle,the patrol had to be constantly wary of enemy soldiers concealed in the underbrush.Most undergraduates take four years to earn a degree,but some achieve it sooner by attending summer sessions.If too little is deducted from Dad’s weekly wages for income tax,it results in an underpayment at the end of the year.Among the undersigned in the petition to the governor were some of the most prominent persons in the state.Frank’s remark that he was “slightly bruised”in the accident is an understatement;he suffered two fractured ribs.While the star is recuperating from her illness,her role will be played by her understudy.When we take notes,our teacher wants us to underscore items that are especially important.When discount houses tried to undersell department stores,the latter reduced prices too,and adopted the slogan”We will not be undersold.”Our country has spent billions of dollars to help the underdeveloped nations improve their standard of living.The underprivileged child from the crowded slum tenement has many more problems to overcome than the child from the middle-class home.Up—up,upwardThe prime minister’s proposal for new taxes created such an upheaval that his government fell.Our neighbor traded in his old car because the upkeep had become too high.When the new representative entered the legislature,some older memvers received him coldly because they regarded him as an upstart.Most merchants report a slowdown in sales for October,but confidently expect an upturn with the approach of Christmas.Our world geography teaher has just received an updated map that shows the latest national boundaries.To qualify for better jobs,many employees attend evening courses where they can upgrade their skills.The love of liberty is so firmly embedded in men’s hearts that no tyrant can hope to uproot it.The management will be glad to mail you its leaflet,which contains news of upcoming films.When knocked off his jawbone,the boxer waited till the count of nine before returning to an upright position.With---back,away,againstTom is my principal backer;if he withdraws his support,idon’t see how I can be elected.My uncle paid for his vacation trip by making a withdrawal from his bank account.We talked to the neighbor’s youngster and tried to be friendly,but he didn’t say anything;he seemed to be withdrawn.Please don’t interrupt me.if you have something to say,withhold your comment until I have finished speaking.Your employer is required to deduct a certin amount from your salary as a withholding tax payable to the federal government.The walls of a dam must be strong enough to withstand tremendous water pressure.Notwithstanding their advantage of height,the visiting players were unable to beat our basketball team.希腊神话Peter,who was chosen the handsomest boy in the senior class,is quite an Adonis.An international force under the aegis of the United Nations has been dispatched to the troubled area.Pioneer women were veritable amazons,performing heavy house-hold chores in addition to toiling in the fields beside their menfolk.The ambrosial aroma of the roast whetted our appetites.For reliable information about present national boundaries,consult an up-to-date atlas.The darkness waned and a faint auroral glow began to appear in the east.At 2 A.M. the neighbors called the police to quell the bacchanalian revelry in the upstairs apartment.At first,Robert Fulton’s plans for his steamboat were derided as chimerical nonsense.The dictator took Draconian measures against those he suspected of plotting a rebellion.Students studying for final examinations yearn for the Elysian idleness of the summer vacation.The pickets did not allow themselves to be provoked,despite the unruly crowds that gathered to hector them.Among the Herculeam tasks confronting large cities are slum clearance and traffic control.Dad had to break the hermetic seal to get a pill from the new bottle.Children enjoy blowing iridescent soap bubbles from pipes.Our jovial host entertained us with several amusing anecdotes about his employer.Out-of-towners may easily lose their way in New York City’s labyrinthine subway passages.All I received in response to my request was the laconic reply “Wait”.For several hous after the operation the patient was lethargic because of the anesthetic.Thanksgiving dinner at Grandmother’s is almost a Lucullan feast.The Helvetians were a martial people who tried to conquer southern Gaul.The retiring foreman ws persuaded to stay on for a month as mentor to his successor.The older partner is rather dull and morose,but the younger has a mercurial temperament that appeals to customers.The dictator surrounded himself with myrmidons who would loyally and pitilessly execute all orders.Napoleon crushed many opponents,but Wellington proved to be his nemesis.Your travel agent will gladly plan a year’s odyssey to places of interest around the world.When the victory was announced,people danced in the streets and sang paeans of joy.The little girl habitully fell asleep clutching a battered doll,her palladium.A panic ensued when someone in the crowded auditorium yelled “Fire!”In an hour-long philippic,the legislator denounced the lobbyists opposing his bill.A handful of plutocratic investors,each owning more than a thousand shares,determined the policies of the corporation.The martinet governed his classroom with procrustean discipline,assigning a week’s detention to all offenders,no matter what the offense.The witness’ protean tactics under cross-examination gave the impression that he was untrustworthy.Our winning the opening game ws a Pyrrhic victory,as our leading scorer ws seriously injured.My former roommate was a saturnine scholar who said very little and smiled rarely.The enemy employed a red-haired siren as a spy.Next week the solons will return to the capital for the opening of the legislature.Speak softly;you don’t need a stentorian voice to be heard in this small room.A power failure at 11:03 P.M. plunged the city into Stygian blackness.The considerate hostess removed the strawberry shortcake from the tabel so as not to tantalize her weight-conscious guest.The reviewers lauded the ballet troupe for its terpsichorean artistry.If you enjoy acting in plays,join your school’s thespian club.By a titanic effort,out football team won the victory.法语描述人物By reading reviews,you can keep au courant with new developments in literature,films,television,and the theater.Edna has been attending too many parties during the holidays;she appears blase.She looked very chic in her new hat.The headwaiter ws debonair with the guests but firm with the waiters.Our new supervisor is clever in matters in which his predecessor was maladroit.You are naive if you believe implacable foes can be reconciled easily.I am amazed that you can be so nonchalant about the coming test when everyone else is so worried.表示人物We were unable to see the ambassador,but we spoke to one of the attaches.A virile bourgeoisie contributes to a nation’s prosperity.Whom did the President designate as charge d’affaires when he recalled the ambassador?To verify the gem’s value,we consulted a connoisseur of rare diamonds.Helen won’t bowl with us;she has her own coterie of bowling friends.The debutante’s photograph was at the head of the society page.Samuel Adams was a passionate devotee of American independence.Fred likes to consider himself a member of the intellectual elite.A committee ws formed to find housing and employment for the anxious emigres.What entrepreneur will invest his capital unless there is some prospect of a profit?The President’s envoy to the conference has not yet been chosen.Madeline introduced Mr.Cole as her fiance.The charge d’affaires requested that extra gendarmes be posted outside the embassy.She was as simple and pretty as a film ingenue.The maitre d’hotel supervises the waiters.Our dean is an understanding counselor,not a martinet.An unexpected inheritance catapulted him into the ranks of the nouveaux riches.He is a protege of many popes.Mark Twain was an excellent raconteur.人的情感The violinist performed with rare eclat.Because the cast had rehearsed with such elan,the director had few apprehensions about the opening-night performance.You too would suffer from ennui if you had to spend months in a hospital bed.The employees showed extraordinary esprit de corps when they volunteered to work Saturdays fro the duration of the crisis.The adroit prosecutor arranged his questions with admirabe finesse.By a feat of legerdemain,the magician produced a rabbit from his hat.After the heavy,late supper,he experienced a feeling of malaise.In the olden days,kings and other nobles,observing the principle of noblesse ovlige,fought at the head of their troops.A common interest in gardening brought Molly and Loretta into closer rapport.He played the game with perfect sangfroid.You need both capital and savoir faire to be a successful entrepreneur.说/写On commencement day we shall bid adieu to our alma mater.Since I hope to see you again,I’ll say au revoir rather than adieu.A timely billet-doux can patch up a lovers’ quarrel.He often sets the table a-roaring with a well-placed bon mot.This helpful brochure explains social security benefits.It took a public appearance by the monarch to silence the canard that he had been assassinated.Two cliches that we can easily do without are:”first and fore most”and “last but not least.”The juniors expect to win,but,entre nous,their chances are not too good.To improve your writing,try to find the mot juste for each idea and avoid cliches.Include only the essential points when you write a precis.James Boswell admired Samuel Johnson’s power of repartee.The instructor asked for a resume of the last lesson.Surprised to see him eating the apple core,I asked,”Won’t it affect you?””Pleasurably”was his riposte.Before answerin,the witness had a tete-a-tete with his attorney.情势She enjoyed all her subjects except mathematics,her bete noire.The employer gave his secretary carte blanche in managing the routine affairs of the office.The trial of John Peter Zenger,a cause celebre in the eighteenth century,helped to establish freedom of the press in America.Painting proved to be a cul-de-sac for Philip Carey,as he had no real talent.The debacle at Waterloo signaled the end of Napoleon’s power.Since Mother couldn’t decide whether or not to buy the dress for me,I planned to buy it myself and present her with a fait accompli.However, it turned out to be a faux pas,as Mother made me return the dress.The foreman reported that the jury could deliberate no further,as they had readched an impasse.By joining the alumni association,graduates can maintian their liaison with the school.Our last amateur show was a melange of dramatic skits,acrobatics,ballet,popular tunes,and classical music.The sheet of water we thought we saw on the road ahead turned out to be only a mirage.历史和政府Napoleon seized power by a coup d’etat.Hitler’s attack on Russia,shortly after his pact with Stalin,was a stunning demarche.An effective world disarmament treaty should bring a detente in international tensions.Canada and the United States have a long-standing entente on border problems.Adam Smith believed a policy of laissez-faire toward business would benefit a nation.Dr.Manette was imprisoned through a lettre de cachet.The gradual rapprochement between these two nations,long traditional enemies,cheered all Europeans.The coup d’etat brought to power a regime that restored civil liberties to the oppressed people.艺术Walt Whitman was no conservative;his daring innovations in poetry place him in the avant=garde of nineteenth-century writers.The ancient Greek Parthenon is famed for its beautiful sculpture in bas-relief.A downbeat is the downward stroke of the conductor’s baton,denoting the principally accented note of a measure.Many connoisseurs regard Hamlet as Shakespeare’s chef d’oeuvre.In the denouement of Great Expectations,we learn that Pip’s secret benefactor is the runaway convict whom Pip had once helped.In appreciation of the enthusiastic applause,the vocalist sang an encore.The literary genre to which Poe contributed most is the short story.At last night’s musicale in my cousin’s house,we were entertained by a string quartet.After a few canvas strokes,the artist reapplies his brush to his palette for more paint.The guitarist apologized for not being able to play the requested number,explaining that it was not in his repertoire.James Joyce’s Dubliners offers some unforgettable vignettes of life in Dublin at the turn of the century.食品If you order an a la carte dinner,you select whatever you wish from the bill of fare,paying only for the dishes ordered.Select a nonalcoholic appetizer,such as tomato juice,if you do not care fore an aperitif.For St.Valentine’s Day,Mother received a heart-shaped box of delicious bonbons.Around the corner is a restaurant specializing in French cuisine.Aunt Dorothy always takes cream with her coffee;she is not fond of demitasse.We had a choice of the following entrees:roast beef,fried chicken,or baked mackerel.Because they contain no bones or excess fat,filets are more expensive than ordinary cuts of meat.Mother will need olives,celery,and anchovies for her hors d’oeuvres.If you eat too much of the introductory dishes,you will have little appetite for the piece de resistance.If you order a table d’hote dinner,you pay the price fixed for the entire dinner,even if you do not have some of the dishes.穿着School corridors and stairways would have to be widened considerably if all girls were to wear bouffant skirts.Though more comfortable than most other dresses,the chemise has often been ridiculed for its shapelessness.Sally’s attractive new coiffure ws arranged for her by my sister’s hair stylist.At the Christmas season,ladies often adorn their coats with a holly corsage.My cousin sent me a light blu shirt and a navy blue cravat.To add a touch of bright color to her outfit,Jane wore a flamboyant scarf.The actor’s baldness was cleverly concealed by a very natural-looking toupee.Women’s fashions change rapidly;what is in style today may be out of vogue tomorrow.其他Dieters constantly check their avoirdupois.Pay attention to important matters;don’t waste time on bagatelles.A sergeant unholstered his pistol and ran forward to give the coup de grace.The patient’s cheerful smile was just a facade;actually,she was suffering from ennui.Retiring employees are often feted at a special dinner.Let’s meet in the foyer of the Bijou Theater.David found it much easier to make friends in his new milieu.In summer when you stroll on eh boardwalk in the noonday sun,it is advisable to take along a parasol.Charles Dickens was a raconteur par excellence.Since they are held in place by a spring that pinches the nose,pince-nez maynot be as comfortable as ordinary eyeglasses.Abe is very fond of gold;he feels it is his chief raison d’etre.We agreed to meet after the test at the corner ice-cream parlor,our usual rendezvous.I knew that Dad was coming to let me in because I recognized his silhouette behind the curtained door.Andrew Jackson was known by the sobriquet “Old Hickory.”To most graduates the senior yearbook is a treasured souvenir of high school days.George’s sixty-yard touchdown run was an admirable tour de force that won the game for us.At the banquet table,I had the good fortune to sit vis-a-vis an knockout old school chum.Addition Will be neatenedImmortalityEnd


（无评论）
