话题 id: 22747295
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2011-10-07 09:58:31
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/22747295/
标题: The Long Marriage  by Tom Mallouk
帖子内容: 
Tonight I close my book, turn off the light and settle in beside you, finding in the just right camber of my pillows and the space between us the familiar comfort of our life. I close my eyes, the stage goes dark and I notice there are just the two of us in the theatre and you are already asleep. I listen to the rhythm of your shallow breath. When we fell in love, I went first. Stepping from the sidewalk, I darted between the cars and got to the park on the other side only to find you had never left the curb. You are displeased. You have come a long way. I am nowhere to be found. You are naked, standing at the water's edge. The water is clear, the quarry is bottomless. It's mid-May and too cold to swim. Still, you dive in. When I find you, your goose flesh and nipples blend seamlessly. We are breathless, warm only where our bodies meet. You dive down, your white soles recede into the darkness. We are in your family's home, sitting at one end of the dining room table, your parents at the other. Your father leans on his elbows, listening. Your mother weeps silently, her hands in her lap.I am backed into the kitchen corner of our row house, sprawled on the floor, my head in my hands. You are lying awake in our bed, face to the wall. But for the fading echo of slammed doors, there is silence.Two dream images: a ship runs aground on a small island (in a week your period is late);the wrong building materials are delivered to the house (in a day your bleeding begins). I am bending over you, looking down. You are giving birth, pushing. Your left knee and arm interlocking at my elbows. Her head- the purple flower of your bloody thighs. We are camped in the Blue Ridge and the puppy is lost. We search on either side of the ravine. You have taken one frightened child and I the other. We call back and forth as darkness falls. In the empty great room of the house we designed, we review the punch list with the builder. My voice dissipates in the cold drafts. We will move again in ten years, never having unpacked. You are poring over photographs: children posing in oversized shoes and hats, mugging for the camera; proud parents framing the graduates; your parents' unlikely last trip to Ireland. It is still night yet the room is lit with moonlight streaming through your grandmother's Irish lace curtains. Shadows silhouette the far wall. I realize I have grown old. My breathing is shallow and you are sitting by the bed. When you take my hand, I feel your thin bones beneath my calloused fingers.http://www.goodreads.com/story/show/280500-the-long-marriage?utm_medium=email&amp;utm_source=Oct_newsletter&utm_content=poetry


（无评论）
