话题 id: 30747094
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2012-06-29 14:11:33
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/30747094/
标题: JS20100119 Three Days to See
帖子内容: 
Three Days to See Helen Keller I have often thought it would be a blessing if each human being were stricken blind and deaf for a few days at some time during his early adult life. Darkness would make him more appreciative of sight; silence would teach him the joys of sound. Now and then I have tested my seeing friends to discover what they see. Recently I was visited by a very good friend who had just returned from a long walk in the woods, and I asked what she had observed. "Nothinginparticular," she replied. How was it possible, I asked myself, to walk for an hour through the woods and see nothing worthy of note? I who can not see find hundreds of things to interest me through mere touch. I feel the delicate symmetry of a leaf. I feel the delightful texture of a flower. At times my heart cries out with longing to see all these things. If I can get so much pleasure from mere touch, how much more beauty must be revealed by sight. Yet, those who have eyes apparently see little. The panorama of color and action which fills the world is taken for granted. It is human, perhaps, to appreciate little that which we have and to long for that which we have not, but it is a great pity that, in the world of light, the gift of sight is used only as a mere convenience rather than as a means of adding fullness to life. Perhaps I can best illustrate by imagining what I should most like to see if I were given the use of my eyes, say, for just three days. And while I am imagining, suppose you, too, set your mind to work on the problem of how you would use your own eyes if you had only three more days to see. If with the oncoming darkness of the third night you knew that the sun would never rise for you again, how would you spend those three precious intervening days? What would you most want to let your gaze rest upon? I, naturally, should want most to see the things which have become dear to me through my years of darkness. You, too, would want to let your eyes rest long on the things that have become dear to you so that you could take the memory of them with you into the night that loomed before you. Use your eyes as if tomorrow you would be stricken blind. Hear the song of a bird, as if you would be stricken deaf tomorrow. Touch each object as if tomorrow your tactile sense would fail. Smell the perfume of flowers, taste with relish each morsel, as if tomorrow you could never smell and taste again. Make the most of every sense. But of all the senses, I am sure that sight must be the most delightful. ---------------------------- 这么经典的文章我今天才读了原文。【上行】interesting jokes &. stories http://www.douban.com/group/topic/9272718/


评论内容：
评论id：397212725
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2012-11-04 13:07:04
内容：
robin & cabin的广播 2012-11-04 13:00:12 说：three days to be blind...年纪越大越觉得Helen Keller滴可贵之处，再看three days to see洒家感触良多•••http://www.douban.com/people/4587125/status/1038254900/

