话题 id: 31073142
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2012-07-12 18:29:47
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/31073142/
标题: 编辑练习材料 关注话题覆盖
帖子内容: 
【转载按：各种小毛病很多，拼写、标点、单复数、句子结构、搭配以及表达是否地道等。粗略编辑了一下。本来打算拿来当教材背的，后来发现不行。当练习材料吧，能学的学着，构成问题的思考着。人家一字字敲出来分享也不容易。先这样放着。有的表达说“渣”太过分，不过，整体看这份材料，说“绝佳”是非常有勇气的。】TOEFL/GMAT/GRE写作绝佳300句--死了都要背！1. When asked about the ongoing uproar involving U.S. President Bill Clinton, most people say the affair involves a purely private matter. But many other people regard his actions as deplorable. I personally think the president committed impeachable offences. 当被问及对现在有关美国总统比尔•克林顿的沸沸扬扬的议论有什么看法时，大多数人认为这种暧昧关系纯属私事。但是，还有很多人认为他的行为应当受到谴责。我个人认为总统犯了这些过错，应该被指控。 2. When it comes to the increasing use of motor vehicles in Beijing , some people think that use should be limited . Others argue that the opposite is true. There is probably some truth to both arguments, but emission controls must be instituted regardless of the number of vehicles. 涉及北京机动车使用量增加这一问题，有的人认为应该限制使用。另一些人持相反意见。也许双方的观点都有一定道理，但是，无论车辆多少，必须对废气排放实行控制。 3. There is a general debate nowadays about the problem of itinerant workers. Those who object to the rising migrant population argue that increasing numbers lead to rising crime rates and harm social stability. They believe that strict limits should be placed on migrants entering China’s cities. But people who favor the influx of the cheap labor force, on the other hand, maintain that migrants are needed to support the massive urban infrastructure construction program. 目前，针对流动工人的问题展开了普遍的争论。反对流动工人增加的人认为这会导致犯罪率升高，从而危害社会稳定。他们主张应该严格限制进入中国城市的流动工人。但是，另一方面，支持廉价劳动力流入的人主张，为了支持大规模的城市基础设施建设规划，流动人口是必需的。 4. It is widely acknowledged that extensive deforestation contributed to heavy summer flooding. Experts argue that China must introduce a massive forestation program. But I doubt whether a forestation alone will solve the problem. 人们普遍认为过度砍伐造成了夏季特大洪水。专家认为中国必须推行大规模的植树造林计划。但我对仅仅植树造林就能解决问题表示怀疑。 5. Most people are of the opinion that wealth provides solutions to all problems. But in spite of the material benefits wealth provides, I believe one should abandon the pursuit of materialism and instead concentrate on the pursuit of happiness. 大多数人认为财富为所有问题提供解决的办法。但是，我认为，尽管财富提供物质上的利益，一个人应该放弃物质至上的追求，而是集中精力追求幸福。 6. Many people believe that capital punishment deters crime. But although criminologists have conducted exhaustive research regarding the subject, little evidence exists to support the claim. 很多人相信极刑能阻止犯罪。但是，虽然刑事学家就这一课题做了详尽的研究，几乎没有证据能支持这种说法。 7. An increasing number of people are joining the “Information Age “ via the Internet . In reaction to the phenomenon, some say the Internet has removed barriers and provided people with immediate access to the world. But do they realize that rapidly advancing information technology can also lead to intrusions of privacy? 越来越多的人通过互联网进入了“信息时代”。针对这一现象，一些人认为互联网消除了障碍，为人们提供了与世界即时链接的途径。但是，他们有没有意识到迅速发展的信息技术也能导致侵犯隐私？ 8. The use of guanxi is a widespread method for conducting business, but is it a wise one? The method is now being challenged by more and more people .利用关系是做生意的普遍做法，但这种做法明智吗？现在，越来越多的人对这种方法提出了质疑。 9. These days we often hear about the widening gap between the rich and poor. Some argue the developed world has totally ignored the problem. But has it? Close examination fails to bear out the argument. 最近，我们经常听到贫富差距扩大了的说法。一些人认为发达世界完全忽略了这个问题。事实是这样吗？细致的调查无法证实这一观点。 10. We’re often told that the world is tethering on the brink of destruction. But is this really the case? 我们经常被告知世界处于毁灭的边缘。但事实真是这样吗？ 11. One of the pressing problems facing our nation (China) today is overcoming disparities in urban and rural income levels. 我们国家（中国）如今面临的紧迫问题之一是克服城乡收入水平之间的差距。 12. One of the most serious problems many people talk about centers on the lack of adequate housing space. 许多人谈论的一个最严重的问题集中在缺乏足够的居住空间。 13. Perhaps the most dangerous phenomenon gripping the nation today is official corruption, which is pervasive in all levels of government. 也许当今困扰国家的最危险的现象是遍布各级政府的官员腐败。 14. Inflation is yet another new and bitter truth we must learn to face. 通货膨胀又是一个我们必须学会面对的痛苦的新情况。 15. The rapid expansion of urban areas has in many cases encroached on valuable cultivatable land, and led to a general recognition that development must not be carried at the cost of agriculture. The government has attached greater importance to the problem and an increasing number of redundant projects are being terminated. 城区的迅速扩大在很多情况下侵占了宝贵的可耕地，使人们普遍认识到发展不能以牺牲农业为代价。政府更加重视这个问题，越来越多的不必要的工程被终止。 16. There is a growing worldwide awareness of the need for strengthened environmental protection. 世界上越来越多的人认识到加强环境保护的必要性。 17. There has been a dramatic increase in the spread of HIV/AIDS in recent years, with a new study projecting that the dreaded disease will affect over 30 million people worldwide by the year 2005. 近年来，艾滋病蔓延的幅度进一步扩大，一项新的研究预测，到2005年，世界上有超过三千万人将感染这一可怕的疾病。 18. Working with the disabled cannot help but leave one impressed with their indefatigable desire. 与残疾人一起工作使一个人不得不对他们坚持不懈的渴望印象深刻。 19. Perhaps no issues are more controversial than euthanasia and abortion, both of which involve taking the life of a human being. 也许没有问题比安乐死和人工流产更有争议性，它们都涉及结束一个人的生命。 20. Never before in history has the issue of overpopulation been more evident than now. 历史上，人口过剩的问题从来没有比现在更加突出。 21. Perhaps it is time to reexamine the idea that college degrees are a guarantee of intelligence. 也许现在是应该重新考虑大学为是智力的保证这种想法的时候了。 22. A growing number of people are beginning to realize that wealth is not the sole prerequisite for happiness. 越来越多的人开始意识到财富不是幸福的惟一先决条件。 23. In spite of the extraordinary progress made in science and technology, problems remain in terms of guaranteeing that achievements benefit the greatest number of people. 尽管科学技术取得了非凡的进步，但是在保证进步成果使尽可能多的人受益这方面还存在一些问题。 24. A famous thinker once wrote that “the greatest threat to mankind is mankind itself!” If this is indeed the case, then the current situation should make us ponder our future existence. 一位著名的思想家曾经写道：“对人类最大的威胁是人类自身！”如果事实确实如此，那么，现状应该促使我们对我们未来的生存进行思索了。 25. U.S. President Harry Truman once remarked: “The buck stops here!” His view has been confirmed by numerous world leaders who have assumed full responsibility for their actions. 美国总统杜鲁门曾经说过：“责任止于此！”（意为勿再把责任往别处推，这是杜鲁门办公室桌上的座右铭）他的观点得到了很多对自己的行动承担完全责任的世界领袖的肯定。26. Large families were once seen as a blessing. Today, however, things are changing and an increasing number of Chinese parents realize that fewer is better. 大家庭曾经被看做是一种福气。然而，今天，情况改变了，越来越多的中国家长意识到家庭成员越少越好。 27. People used to place total reliance on the government. The so-called “iron rice bowl” prevailed in the past, but things are quite different today. 过去，人们习惯完全依靠政府。以前盛行所谓的“铁饭碗”，但今天的情况有很大的不同。 28. Several years ago, Chinese streets were filled with people wearing identical drab clothing. Today, however, things are quite different and the streets are awash with people wearing fashionable bright colored outfits. Why has the change taken place? 许多年前，中国大街上的人都穿一样的灰褐色衣服。然而，今天的情况大不一样了，街上满是一个个身穿色彩艳丽的时髦衣服的人。出现这种变化的原因是什么呢？ 29. The experience of observing human behavior for years has enabled me to conclude that the major difference between mediocrity and success lies solely with the individual concerned. Successful individuals consistently seek advancement, while their less industrious contemporaries are merely content with the status quo. 对人们行为的多年观察使我能够得出这样的结论：平庸和成功的主要区别仅仅在于相关的个人。成功的个人不断寻求进步，而他们比较懒惰的同时代人仅仅满足于现状。 30. Traditional way of thinking has changed dramatically. The pendulum has swung and people are exhibiting greater open-mindedness and a burning desire to determine their own destiny. 传统的思维方式有了显著的变化。舆论发生了剧变，人们表现出更开放的思想以及决定他们自己命运的强烈愿望。 31. There has been undesirable trend in recent years towards the worship of money. A recent survey showed that X percent of respondents ranked getting rich as their top priority, compared to X percent only a few years ago. Why do people fail to realize that wealth does not necessarily bring happiness? 近年来出现了对社会有害的拜金主义倾向。最近的一项调查表明，X%的调查对象把致富作为他们的首选，相比之下，就在几年前，只有X%的人这样想。为什么人们没能意识到财富不一定带来幸福呢？ 32. Some months ago, a friend of mine was killed in a tragic automobile accident involving a drunk driver. The incident was far from rare, and was in fact typical of thousands of cases involving people driving under the influence of alcohol. 几个月前，我的一个朋友死于一场与酒后驾车有关的悲惨车祸。这件事情一点儿也不罕见，事实上是数以千计的案件的典型，这些案件与在酒精作用下开车的人有关。 33. I recently read a newspaper article on the rampant spread of child abuse. The deplorable problem of the widespread abuse of innocent children has aroused public concern nationwide. 最近，我在报纸上读到一篇关于虐待儿童现象变得猖獗的文章。普遍虐待无辜儿童的问题令人深感遗憾，它已经引起了全国公众的关注。 34. Should parents spare the rod and spoil the child? Opinions concerning strict parental discipline vary widely. Some view strict discipline as nothing more than a form of abuse, while others argue it is an essential factor for instilling appropriate social behavior. 家长应不应该闲了棍子、惯了孩子？针对严厉的家教的看法大相径庭。有的人就是把严厉的管教看成一种虐待，而另外的人认为这是逐渐灌输得体的社会行为的要素。 35. What do you think of the increasing openness accompanying the ongoing sexual revolution? Do you ever fantasize? Answers to these questions should be based on a determination between appropriate and inappropriate behavior. 你如何看待对现在的性革命越来越开放的态度？你曾经想像过吗？回答这些问题之前应先界定得体和不得体的行为。 36. Why do some governments persist in spending billions of dollars on space exploration when starvation and poverty continue to grip many countries throughout the world? This particular question is being raised by an ever increasing number of people. 既然世界上许多国家仍被饥饿和贫困所困扰，为什么有的政府还坚持花费数十亿美元用于太空探索？现在越来越多的人提出这个问题。 37. Judging from the reams of evidence presented, we can safely conclude that the Three Gorges Project will change the lives of an untold number of people forever. 根据现有的大量证据，我们可以有把握地得出这样的结论：三峡工程将永远改变无数人的生活。 38. The ample evidence presented enables us to reasonably conclude that the scourge of AIDS will be brought under control in the foreseeable future. 提出的充分证据使我们能够合理地得出这样的结论：艾滋病的祸害在可预见的将来就能得到控制。 39. We must seek immediate solutions for problems leading to the rapid depletion of the earth's ozone layer. If allowed to proceed unchecked, the problem will undoubtedly exacerbate global warming and threaten life as we know it today. 我们必须寻求立即解决引起地球臭氧层快速损耗的问题的办法。如果任其自由发展，这一问题无疑会加剧全球升温，并且正如今天我们所知道的那样危及生命。 40. Quite obviously, immediate action is needed to extricate 80 million Chinese people from the grips of poverty in order to remove the danger of social unrest and ensure continuing stability. 很明显，需要立即采取行动使八千万中国人摆脱贫困，从而消除社会动荡的危险，确保持续的稳定。 41. China needs to reexamine the results of political and social modernization in order to ascertain the benefits and indeed the detrimental aspects from a new perspective. Otherwise, various perceived accomplishments might in fact prove to be far from beneficial. 中国需要重新检查政治和社会现代化带来的结果以便从新的角度明确它们的好处，甚至是有害的方面。否则，许多我们以为取得的成就实际上可能完全不会带来好处。 42. It is essential to heed warnings of potentially catastrophic consequences associated with the Year 2000 computer bug and , in turn , to attach top priority to finding effective solutions to ensure a smooth transition into the new century . 我们必须注意有关计算机千年虫可能带来的灾难性结果的警告，并且相应地优先考虑寻找有效的解决办法以确保顺利过渡到新世纪。 43. It is high time we put an end to the deplorable practice of infanticide. 我们早该杜绝杀婴这种应遭谴责的做法。 44. There is little doubt that immediate action is required to eliminate the scourge of corruption once and forever. 毫无疑问，必须立即采取行动彻底消除腐败的祸害。 45. In short, we must work diligently to make the world a better place for coming generations. We must not persist in pursuits harmful to the environment. 简而言之，我们必须勤奋工作，为了下一代把世界变成更美好的地方。我们不应该坚持对环境有害的追求。 46. We must avoid overindulgence and conspicuous consumption. We must instead continue to recognize the benefits of thrift in order to protect our newfound prosperity. 我们必须避免过分放纵和铺张浪费。相反，我们应该继续发扬节俭的优点以守护我们新获得的繁荣。 47. It is absolutely essential to reverse the irrational misuse of nonrenewable resources. For example, fuel-efficient motor vehicles must be developed to reduce oil consumption and alternative energy sources must be found to replace coal. 彻底改变对不可再生资源的非理性滥用是绝对有必要的。例如，必须开发节能的机动车减少汽油的消耗量，并且必须找到可替代能源取代煤。 48. While achieving success is easier said than done, persistence does in fact pay off. One of the most important traits of a successful person is self-confidence, another is desire, and still another is determination. 获得成功说起来比做起来容易，然而坚持不懈确实会有好结果。成功人士的最重要的特征之一是自信，第二是渴望，还有一个是决心。 49. Recognizing a problem is the first step in finding a solution. 认识到问题是找到解决办法的第一步。 50. Many of the explanations offered thus far are at least to a certain extent valid, but none fully address the problem and the issue must be examined in a wider context. 目前提供的许多解释至少在一定程度上是正确的，但是，没有一个解释能完全处理问题，这件事情必须放在更广阔的背景中考虑。 51. There are no immediate solutions for reversing the Asian financial crisis, but convincing affected nations to practice fiscal restraint will be highly beneficial. 没有能立即扭转亚洲金融危机的办法，但是，它使受到影响的国家相信实行财政控制将大有益处。 52. Immediate solutions for solving problems surrounding poverty remain elusive. However, public recognition of the necessity to provide a better quality of life for millions of people will represent the first step in finding effective solutions. 立即解决贫困问题的办法仍然是难以捉摸的。然而，公众认识到为数百万人提供更高质量的生活的必要性是找到有效的解决办法的第一步。 53. What dose the future hold if mankind persists in wasting natural resources? While no one knows for sure, scientists do exhibit a degree of certainty when predicting that future generations will face a dramatically different world . 如果人类继续浪费自然资源，未来将会有什么贮藏？没有人知道明确的答案，但是，科学家在预测后代将面对一个迥然不同的世界时确实有一定的把握。 54. Reversing undesirable social trends will be far from an easy task and will require a dramatic change in attitudes. A keen awareness of right from wrong is essential for determining appropriate social behavior. 扭转不好的社会趋势远非一件易事，看法需要有巨大的变化。对正误的深刻认识是判定得体的社会行为所必需的。 55. We owe a debt of gratitude to the many individuals who dedicated their lives to making the world a better place. However, we must not rest on their accomplishments, but must instead work assiduously to record even greater achievements. 我们应该感谢许多为把世界变得更美好而奉献一生的人。然而，我们不能依靠他们的成绩，而必须努力工作，取得更辉煌的成就。 56. The two major challenges facing China today center on maintaining sustained economic growth and feeding its growing population of over 1.2 billion people with only seven percent of the world's cultivable land. Despite the monumental difficulties involved, Chinese people will undoubtedly exhibit their indefatigable resilience and achieve great success in both regards. 现在，中国面临的两大挑战是保持持续的经济增长和靠世界上仅仅百分之七的可耕地养活仍在增长的12亿人口。尽管遇到的困难很大，中国人无疑会表现出不知疲倦的活力，在两方面都取得巨大成功。 57. Obviously we do have a long way to go to reach our final goal, yet achieving remains well within the realm of possibility. 事实上，我们达到最终的目标还有很长的路要走，但是，取得一些成绩还是可能做到的。 58. The time is right for us to take full advantage of ample existing opportunities. 这正是我们充分利用大量现有机会的时候。 59. While it remains to be seen whether or not environmental deterioration can be controlled, the current prospects are far from encouraging. People around the world must act immediately to prevent the situation from deteriorating even further. 环境恶化是否能得到控制这个问题仍然没有答案，但目前的前景一点儿也不乐观。全世界的人必须立即行动，防止情况进一步恶化。 60. The methodology suggested may not guarantee ultimate success, but the eventual pay-off could well be worth the effort. Achieving even partial success will benefit mankind and contribute to creating a better world. 提出的方法不一定保证最终的成功，但最后的结果非常值得付出努力。即使只获得部分成功也会使人类受益， 有利于创造一个更美好的世界。 61. Admittedly, ensuring sustainable development will require a certain level of sacrifice and arduous efforts on the part of all people. Nonetheless, the accrued returns will both strengthen the nation and ensure a better life for all Chinese citizens. 诚然，确保持续的发展需要人们做出一定程度的牺牲和辛勤努力。但是，积累的成果不仅能使国家更强大，而且能保证中国公民过上更美好的生活。 62. The rapid emergence of homes for senior citizens represents a sharp divergence from the traditional Chinese practice of maintaining the nuclear family at all costs. 老人疗养院的迅速出现体现了与中国传统的不惜一切代价维持核心家庭的做法的显著分歧。 63. To participate in interactive experiences beneficial to all is something that no one should miss. The valuable lessons learned therefore should not be arbitrarily dismissed, but should instead be treasured. 参加对所有人都有益的互动式体验是任何一个人都不应该错过的。从中获得的宝贵经验不应该任意抛弃，而应该倍加珍惜。 64. Abortion advocates may be correct in their assertion that the practice is a necessary tool of population control, but they seem to neglect the preciousness of human life in its earliest stages. 人工流产的提倡者认为它是控制人口的一种必要手段。他们也许是对的，但他们可能忽略了人的生命在最初阶段的宝贵。 65. Some people assert that nothing is impossible. Such people should get a grip on reality and understand it's impossible to create another Universe. In more down-to-earth terms, it's impossible to know with any certainty whether you will live or die tomorrow. 一些人断言没有什么事是不可能的。这些人应该把握现实，知道再造一个宇宙是不可能的。更现实的说法是不可能明确知道明天你会活着还是会死。 66. Two major factors contributed to devastating summer flooding along the Yangtze River and its tributaries. First, erosion resulting from excessive deforestation in the upper reaches of the river, second, heavy silting which raised the riverbed in the main channel. 两个主要因素导致了夏季长江及其支流的特大洪水。第一，过度砍伐引起的河流上游的侵蚀，第二，严重的泥沙淤积抬高了主干道的河床。 67. Greed and a total lack of social consciousness have been cited as major reasons for the dramatic rise corruption. 人们认为贪婪和社会意识的彻底缺乏是造成腐败急剧增加的主要原因。 68. There are several reasons for the marked increase in China's crime rate—the dramatic influx of itinerant workers in urban areas ; declining social values ; and widening disparities between the haves and have-nots . 中国的犯罪率显著升高有很多原因——城区大量流动工人的涌入；社会价值的贬低以及贫富之间日益扩大的差距。 69. Why are an increasing number of elderly Chinese parents living apart from their children? One reason is the increasing upward mobility of the younger generation. Another is expanding social opportunities for the elderly. Perhaps the main reason, however, centers on dramatic changes in traditional concepts. 为什么越来越多的中国老人不和他们的孩子住在一起？原因之一是年轻一代的上进心增强了。另一个原因是社会上老人的机会增加了。然而，主要的原因可能是传统观念发生了巨大变化。 70. What has sparked the increasing interest in exercise? For one thing , people have gained a greater awareness of the need for physical fitness . For another, the constantly improving standard of living enables Chinese people to patronize the increasing number of recreational venues. The main thing perhaps centers on the healthcare and psychological benefits exercise provides. 什么引发了人们对锻炼越来越浓的兴趣？一方面，人们更加清楚地意识到保持身体健康的必要性。另一方面，不断提高的生活水平使中国人能够支付增加的娱乐支出。最主要的可能在于锻炼带来的保健和心理上的好处。 71. Identifying the reasons for an emerging phenomenon which involves several complicated factors is far from an easy task. For example, some scientists attribute environmental deterioration to a series of natural factors, while others place the blame solely on inappropriate human behavior. 要找到涉及许多复杂因素的新现象的原因远非一件易事。例如，一些科学家把环境的恶化归结为一些自然因素，而另一些人把责任都推在人类不适当的行为上。 72. One doesn't have to look far to realize the direct correlation between smoking and cancer. 人们不用花费很大力气就能发现抽烟和癌症之间的直接联系。 73. The explanation for the phenomenon of the rising teenage suicide rate involves many complicated factors. Some attribute the rise to an overemphasis on early success, others point to mounting peer pressure, and still others to confusion over changing social values. 对上升的少年自杀率的解释涉及很多复杂的因素。有的人把上升的原因归结为过分强调少年时期的成功，有的人指出是因为不断增长的同伴之间的压力，还有人认为是对不断变化的社会价值的迷茫造成的。 74. The reasons for antisocial behavior are both complicated and varied. I suggest the phenomenon results from inappropriate role models and the lack of well-defined norms of behavior. However, the main reason is quite likely the continuing degeneration of social values. 反社会行为的原因既复杂又多样。我认为这种现象是不恰当的角色典型和缺少行为规范的很好的定义造成的。然而，主要原因很可能是不断贬低的社会价值。 75. The causes of racial hatred are not readily definable. Sociologists, however, attribute them to the misguided concept of a superior race and an innate mistrust of people of color. Perhaps the main cause is quite simply ignorance. 种族仇恨的起因没有现成的答案。然而，社会学家把原因归结为被误导的更高贵的种族的观念以及天生的对有色人种的不信任。主要原因可能仅仅是因为无知。 76. The scourge of HIV/AIDS currently engulfing the world will quite likely be brought under control within the next few years thanks to the untiring efforts of scientists and researchers worldwide. 现在席卷世界的艾滋病的祸害很有可能由于全世界科学家和研究人员的不懈努力在未来几年内得到控制。 77. The incidence rate of cancer mainly stems from several factors, including inappropriate diets, poor healthcare practices and the lack of early detection. Continuing medical advances and rising awareness do, however, offer promising hope for the future. 癌症的发病率主要由以下诸多因素引起，包括不适当的饮食、不好的保健习惯以及没有及早发现。然而，医学的不断进步和对此不断增强的关注给未来带来了很大的希望。 78. Increased urban pollution levels and the mounting death toll from motor vehicles accidents can mainly be attributed to the glut of automobiles appearing on city roads in recent years. Detrimental factors will quite likely outweigh the benefits of rising automobile usage. 城市人口的增长和车祸中死亡率的增加主要是由于近年内充斥城市道路的汽车。汽车使用量的增加带来的有害因素很有可能超过它的好处。 79. The rising divorce rate in China can, at least in part, be attributed to spousal incompatibility, disparities in education levels, changing social attitudes and the increasing upward mobility of the younger generation. 中国上升的离婚率可以，至少部分可以归结为婚姻的不和谐，受教育水平的差异，变化的社会看法以及年轻一代不断增强的上进心。 80. State-owned enterprises are not only failing because of inefficient management, but also because of their inability to switch operational modes from the former planned economy to the new market economy. 国有企业失败不仅由于低效的管理，也因为他们不能实现从以前的计划经济到新的市场经济的运作模式的转换。 81. Although we do not know the long-term consequences of separation or deprivation, we do know that they can produce acute immediate distress. 虽然我们不知道分离和丧失亲人的长期后果，但我们知道它们能立即引起剧烈的悲痛。 82. One can readily trace the disappearance of dinosaurs to a major cataclysmic event. 人们很容易把恐龙消失的原因归结为重大的灾难性事件。 83. The reasons for poverty are many, but for the most part center on illiteracy, the lack of opportunities and in some cases pure laziness. 贫困的原因很多，但主要是因为缺少教育、缺少机会，有的情况下纯粹是由于懒惰。 84. Child development depends on a number of factors, both physical and psychological. Correct parental nurturing from infancy through adolescence determines both the physical and mental profile of a mature individual. 儿童的发展取决于很多因素，包括生理的和心理的。从婴儿期到青春期的正确的家长教育决定一个成熟的个人的体质及智力的状况。 85. Factors such as self-confidence and ambition, combined with determination and willpower, contribute to eventual success or failure. 自信、雄心，加上决心和毅力等因素是造成最终的成功或失败的原因。 86. Various factors will weigh heavily on China's eventual entry into the World Trade Organization (WTO). One centers on the total abandonment of protectionism, and the other on the adoption of generally accepted international accounting norms. 许多因素对中国最终加入世界贸易组织（WTO）有很大的影响。因素之一是彻底放弃保护主义，另一个因素是采用普遍接受的国际会计规范。 87. One of the most common failures of people today is to avoid telling the truth. People must realize that avoidance and lying have never in the past and, in fact, never will right a wrong. 如今人类最常见的一个不足是不说真话。人们必须意识到不说真话、说谎话在过去没有，事实上，将来也永远不会变错误为正确。 88. Central planning has, at least in part, been blamed for the current demise of state-owned enterprises. Perhaps , however , the greatest blame should be placed on factors such as grossly inefficient management ; the rampant practice of " guanxi " , cronyism and nepotism ; excessively large work forces ; abuses of social benefits ; and without a doubt corruption . 人们认为中央计划至少是现在国有企业失败的部分原因。然而，最主要的原因可能是极低效的管理、关系的普遍运用、任用亲信和裙带关系、大量过剩的劳动力、社会救济金的滥用，当然还包括腐败。 89. A recent survey revealed large disparities in the income levels of male and female workers holding the same position. The determining factor should be qualifications, rather than gender, when determining both the salary and position of an individual. 最近的一项调查表明在同样职位上的男性与女性工人的收入水平存在差异。在决定工人工资和职位的时候，决定因素应该是资格，而不是性别。 90. Social finesse, willingness to relocate and language capacity are also determinant factors in assessing job qualifications . 社交手腕、愿意调动以及语言能力也是评估工作资格的决定性因素。 91. The tumultuous Cultural Revolution was chiefly responsible for the searing desire for change in China. 混乱的文化大革命是引起对中国发生变化的极度渴望的主要原因。 92. Traditional beliefs do not in themselves explain the lingering prevalence of outdated concepts in China. 传统信仰本身不能解释过时观念为何仍然在中国普遍存在。 93. Some lay the blame for falling exports squarely on financial turmoil sweeping many Asian countries. The fact of the matter is, however, that proportionate blame should be assigned to the lackadaisical approach to developing new markets, failure to improve product quality and government inaction in the realm of support. 有的人干脆认为造成出口下降的原因是横扫亚洲许多国家的金融危机。然而，事实是一部分原因应归结为开拓新市场的不得力的方法、改进产品质量的失败以及政府没有表示支持的行动。 94. We often ignore the real problem and instead search for a needle in a haystack. Solving problems of any kind requires one to adopt a direct approach which addresses all relevant issues. 我们经常忽略实际问题，而是大海捞针。解决任何类型的问题都需要一个人采取直接的办法处理所有相关事情。 95. Claiming a lack of opportunities is nothing more than a superficial excuse for justifying failure. The fundamental reason for failure is most often the lack of drive on the part of the individual involved. 声称缺少机会不过是敷衍失败的借口。通常，失败最根本的原因是相关的个人本身缺乏动力。 96. We can, and quite often do, blame our contemporaries for personal failures, but the fact of the matter is that the root causes for most problems go much deeper. 我们可以，而且经常因个人的失败抱怨我们的同时代人，但是，事实是许多问题的根本原因要深刻得多。 97. The rapidly emerging sexual revolution has been accompanied by many disturbing trends. Perhaps the most serious consequences center on the rapid spread of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs), rising prostitution and the rise in AIDS cases. 伴随着迅速出现的性革命有很多令人烦恼的趋势。最严重的后果可能是性传染病的迅速蔓延、卖淫现象及艾滋病患者的增多。 98. The deep impact of opening to the outside world is readily discernible in a number of areas: the adoption of many Western habits, both good and bad; changing social and moral values; the trend towards individualism; and the introduction of state-of-the-art concepts and technology. The key to adopting Western way centers on accepting the good and rejecting the bad. 对外开放的深刻影响在许多方面都能看到：模仿西方的习惯，包括好的和坏的；改变社会和道德价值观；个人主义的趋势；引进已发展的概念和技术。采取西方方式的关键在于取其精华，去其糟粕。 99. The arrival of the so-called " Information Age " will undoubtedly have a profound influence on our lives . The task at hand center on using the technology for beneficial purposes , while at the same time preventing intrusions of privacy and use of the electronic highway for deceitful purposes . 所谓“信息时代”的来临无疑将深刻地影响我们的生活。手头的任务主要是利用技术达到有意的目的，同时，防止侵犯隐私或者出于欺骗的目的利用电子高速路。 100. No one can doubt that the reform and opening policies introduced in 1979 have had a profound impact on the lives of Chinese citizens. Changes resulting therefore have not only impacted the economic system, but the social system as well. 没有人能怀疑1979年推出的改革开放政策对中国公民的生活产生了深刻的影响。由此造成的变化不仅影响了经济体制，而且影响了社会体制。 101. Effluent discharges of industrial wastewater and raw sewage into rivers , lakes and inshore coastal areas have not only adversely affected marine life and aquatic resources , but have also jeopardized one of the major necessities for sustaining life—Potable Water . 工业废水和原污水排放入河流、湖泊和近海岸区域不仅给海洋生物和水生资源带来了负面影响，而且也破坏了维持生命的主要必需品之一——饮用水。 102. It will have a direct bearing on the matter under discussion. 这将和正在讨论的问题有直接关系。 103. Rapid economic growth may lead to an overextension of resources and lead to an eventual catastrophic meltdown. 经济迅速增长可能导致过度使用资源，并引起最终巨大的灾难。 104. The immediate results of economic growth have created the illusion of unending prosperity. The best approach at this particular time is to perhaps err on the side of caution. 经济增长的直接结果是造成了关于无止境繁荣的幻想。现在这个特定时刻最好的办法也许是慎之又慎。 105. The benefits of technology are undeniable. Nonetheless, the fact that technology often negates the need for human beings in the workplace deserves careful consideration and retraining programs for affected individuals must be introduced. 技术的好处不容否认。然而，技术经常否认工作场所需要人类，这一点值得仔细考虑，而且，为受到影响的个人推出再培训项目是必需的。 106. The lack of faith in government is the direct result of the prevailing distrust of politicians. 对政府缺乏信心是普遍存在的对政府官员的不信任直接造成的。 107. The advantages of harmonious relations far outweigh the disadvantages of confrontation. 和谐关系的好处远远大于冲突的坏处。 108. Independence offers many advantages, the first and foremost of which is self-determination. 独立带来很多好处，首先也是最重要的是自决。 109. The contrast between right and wrong is highlighted by the benefits accruing from the former. 由于正确而得到的好处更加强调了正误的对比。 110. The most striking conclusion that can be reached when weighing the advantages and disadvantages of the market economy is quite frankly prosperity. 很坦率地说，在权衡市场经济的利弊时能得出的最显著的结论是繁荣。 111. The ridiculous amount of money some countries spend on military hardware is absurd when considering the number of people starving in many developing countries. 考虑到一些发展中国家挨饿的人的数量，一些国家把大量资金花费在重型军事装备上显得很荒谬。 112. The loss of perquisites enjoyed by government officials and business executives pales in comparison to the plight of refugees in many war-torn countries. 与许多饱受战争创伤的国家的难民所处的困境相比，政府官员和商业管理者失去所享受的特权就相形见绌了。 113. While the long-term problem of global warming is indeed serious, its significance diminishes somewhat when considering immediate problems such as rapid environmental deterioration and the rampant misuse and abuse of nonrenewable resources. 虽然全球变暖这一长期的问题确实很严重，但考虑到诸如环境的迅速恶化和不可更新资源的普遍滥用等当前的问题，它的重要性就有所降低了。 114. Owning a car might be preferable to owning a bicycle, but the problems associated with owning the former far outweigh those of the latter. For one thing, automobiles are exponentially more expensive and require greater maintenance. For another, bicycles don't pollute. 与拥有一辆自行车相比，人们更愿意拥有一辆汽车，但拥有后者涉及的问题远远超过前者。原因之一，汽车昂贵很多，需要更多的维护。原因之二，自行车不会引起污染。 115. The advantages of family planning more than compensate for the disadvantages. 计划生育的好处不仅仅弥补了它的害处。 116. Claims of gender equality are laced with contradictions. The principal fallacy centers on the workplace and concept of equal pay for equal work. Another, but no less important, aspect revolves around the entry of women into top management positions. 性别平等的呼声中有少量自相矛盾的内容。最大的谬误在于工作场所和同工同酬的概念。另一个同样重要的方面与女性进入最高管理职位紧密相关。 117. Both limitations and problems will quite likely be encountered during the ongoing transition to the market economy. For one thing, urgent measures are required to resolve problems involving state-owned enterprises. Another thorny issue involves controlling inflation in the face of emerging market forces. 正在进行的市场经济的转型很有可能将遇到限制和问题.一方面, 需要紧要方法解决涉及国有企业的问题.另一棘手的问题涉及在市场力量形成的同时控制通货膨胀. 118. Will the Three Gorges Project prove to be a monumental achievement or nothing more than a giant fiasco? Opposition voices point to drawbacks such as the massive cost of the project, the need to relocate millions of local residents and destruction of the unique natural environment. Supporters, on the other hand, contend that the advantages—i.e. improved flood control, increased power generation capacity and desirable impact on economic development in related areas —will far outweigh the disadvantages. Time will tell and history will judge the wisdom of the project. 三峡工程将成为极大的成功或只是彻底的失败？反对意见指出了诸如工程的巨额成本，数百万当地居民的重新安置以及独特的自然环境的破坏等障碍。另一方面，支持者认为它的好处，例如对洪水控制的改善、发电能力的提高和对相关地区经济发展的影响将远远超过它坏处。至于建设这个工程明智与否，时间会告诉我们，历史会做出判断。 119. Nothing approaches the love of a mother for her child. 没有东西可以和母爱相比。 120. Few scientific and technological achievements equal the success of landing men on the moon. 几乎没有科技成就能与人类成功登陆月球同日而语。 121. A question begging an answer centers on whether violence is more directly related to the innate characteristic of human being, or whether it is simply a manifestation of the ills of society. Determining the answer will be far from an easy proposition, but is nonetheless one that deserves careful and deliberate consideration. 需要回答的一个问题是：暴力与人类的天性联系更直接还是仅仅是社会恶习的体现？做出回答远非易事，而是值得仔细而审慎地考虑的事情。 122. From the standpoint of success, a good work ethic is no less important than an education. Success does, in fact, depend on the total integration of both aspects. 从成功的角度来说，良好的职业道德与教育同等重要。事实上，成功的确建立在两方面完全融合的基础上。 123. The growing trend for wives to work outside the home even when their husbands are present and employed is in part a sharing of the financial burden with the husband , and in part a reflection of the need these women feel to have a measurable sense of personal worth . 越来越多的妻子到外面工作，甚至和她们的丈夫再一起工作，一方面是为了和丈夫共同承担经济重担，一方面反映了女性感到需要有可衡量的个人价值。 124. Just as honor is a prerequisite for respectability, so is unblemished character a barometer of integrity. 正如声誉是可敬的前提条件，无暇疵的品格是正直的晴雨表。 125. Beauty is in the eye of the beholder and the same is true for both the appreciation of art and music. 美在观察者的眼中，美术和音乐的欣赏也是如此。 126. The direct correlation between self-esteem and success also applies to one's ability to achieve. 自尊和成功的直接联系也适用于一个人取得成就的能力。 127. Improving the plight of teachers is indeed a priority item. However, improving the overall education system is likewise no less important. 改善教师的困难处境的确是优先处理的一件事情。但是，改进整个教育系统同等重要。 128. China and United States share many things in common. Firstly, both are major world powers. Secondly, the two nations offer mutually beneficial factors for development—China with its vast potential market and labor force, and the U.S. with its advanced technology and management expertise. 中国和美国有许多共同之处。首先，两个都是世界主要强国。第二，两个国家相互提供发展的有利因素——中国拥有巨大的潜在市场和劳动力，美国拥有先进的技术和专业的管理知识。 129. The shaky truce in the Middle East bears little resemblance to the realization of ultimate peace. 中东不可靠的休战与最终实现和平的相似性很小。 130. Idleness spawns discontent, whereas overwork leads to mental and physical exhaustion. 懒惰滋生不满，而过度工作导致精神和身体的疲劳。 131. Large and small enterprises differ in that the former usually involves conglomerates and the latter private individuals. 大企业和小企业的区别在于前者通常涉及联合大企业，后者涉及私营的个人。 132. Both automobiles and bicycles offer a convenient means of public conveyance , with one of the marked differences between the two centered on pollution caused by the former . 汽车和自行车都提供公共运输的便利方式，两者的显著区别之一在于前者引起污染。 133. Alcohol and tobacco are both highly addictive substances. However, unlike tobacco, which is known to cause cancer, studies indicate that alcohol does offer some health benefits when consumed in moderation. 酒和烟都是很容易上瘾的东西。但是，研究显示，与公认为引起癌症的烟不同，酒如果适量饮用确实对健康有益。 134. One man's treasure is another man's junk. 一个人的宝贝对于另一个人来说是垃圾。 135. AIDS is no longer one of the Top 10 American killers, but the same cannot be said for many countries. 艾滋病不再是美国的十大杀手之一，但许多国家的情况并非如此。 136. Individualism was unheard of a short 30-odd year ago during the tumultuous Cultural Revolution. Things have changed today, however, with color returning to the streets of Chinese streets, people gaining a greater degree of self-determination and reform yielding monumental changes in traditional practices. 人们在三十多年前混乱的文化大革命时期没有听说过个人主义。然而，今天的情况不同了，中国的街道上又恢复了色彩，人们获得了更大的自主，改革带来了传统方式的巨变。 137. Social inequities of the past are rapidly giving way to expanded social consciousness. 过去社会的不公平正在被扩大的社会觉悟迅速取代。 138. Many claim that the world's highly developed countries bear sole responsibility for the plight of less-developed nations. I seriously doubt their contentions will bear the brunt of close scrutiny. 许多人声称世界上最发达的国家应该对欠发达国家的困境承担全权责任。我非常怀疑他们的观点能经受住仔细审查的冲击。 139. Although media reports expound on the volume of scientific and technological achievements, recent surveys indicate that the rapidity of transforming same into productive forces leaves much to be desired. 虽然媒体详细报道大量的科技成就，但是，最近的调查显示，把它们迅速转化为生产力还需要做出很多努力。 140. The popular belief in the invincibility of man is constantly rebuked by revaluations of man's fallibility. 认为人类无敌的普遍看法经常遭到重新评价人类易犯错误的特点的非难。 141. While the inclination to procrastinate is common, one must fully consider the detrimental impact of unnecessary delays. 虽然拖延的倾向是普遍的，但是人们应该充分考虑到不必要的延误造成的有害影响。 142. The tendency to take things for granted is understandable, but the need for one to rationally evaluate the circumstances of any situation is absolutely essential. 想当然的倾向是可以理解的，但是，理智地估计任何情形的情况是完全必需的。 143. Most people are under the illusion that a college degree guarantees success. There is no such guarantee without hard work. 许多人错误地认为大学学位能保证成功。不努力工作就没有这样的保证。 144. Some stubbornly hold to the correctness of traditional practices, but in so doing they seem to totally ignore the fact that progress depends on change. 一些人固执地坚持传统做法的正确性，但是，他们这么做，似乎完全忽视了进步依靠变化的事实。 145. Generally speaking, previous parliamentary policy debates ignored the relevance of transparency. 总的来说，以前议会中针对政策的辩论忽视了透明度的重要性。 146. A precise definition of poverty is actually very difficult to determine. Where does one draw the line between those who are poor and those who are not? 对贫困的精确定义实际上是很难的。如何在贫穷和非贫穷的人之间划一条界限呢？ 147. Admittedly, bribery and corruption are endemic to our political and economic systems, but it doesn't necessarily follow that all politicians and business people resort to illicit behavior. 诚然，贿赂和腐败在我们的政治和经济系统中很流行，但这并不是说所有的政府官员和商界人士都采取违法行为。 148. There's little doubt that a third World War is avoidable, but it is highly unlikely that regional conflicts will disappear in the foreseeable future. 毫无疑问，第三次世界大战是可以避免的，但是，在可预见的将来地区冲突消失是非常不可能的。 149. Some people assume that investing in stock is a safe pursuit, but their assumption fails to hold water when considering the substantial risk involved. 有的人想当然地认为投资股票是有把握的事情，但是，考虑到涉及的巨大风险，他们的想当然就说不通了。 150. Some people have called for accelerated across-the-board changes. Their approach quite frankly ignores the need for gradual but effective changes. 一些人要求更快速的全盘改变。他们的做法的确忽略了渐进而有效的改变的必要性。 151. There is undoubtedly an element of truth in assertions that capital punishment is necessary, but proponents seem to ignore the fact that the practice has failed to deter heinous crimes. 毫无疑问，主张极刑的必要性有正确的成分，但是，支持者似乎忽略了这种做法不能阻止令人发指的罪行这一事实。 152. Many people assume that the extinction of a plant or animal species is of little consequence. Careful examination, however, reveals that the extinction of any one species disrupts the food chain, and the loss of a plant species leads to the disappearance of a key ingredient which might yield a cure for cancer. 许多人想当然地认为一种植物或动物的灭绝产生的后果很小。然而，仔细的考察揭示出任何一个物种的灭绝会破坏食物链，一种植物的消失造成有可能生成治疗癌症的药物的关键成分的缺失。 153. At first glance, the characteristics of Bugs Bunny seem comical. However, a closer examination reveals the cartoon character never creates a problem, and instead simply hopes for quiet and peaceful life. This suggests that cartoons most often teach children the difference between good and evil. 乍一看，流氓兔的性格似乎滑稽。然而，仔细观察发现这个卡通人物从不制造麻烦，相反，它只希望过安静平和的生活。这说明卡通在大多数情况下教授给儿童好与坏之间的区别。 154. Logically, calls for a New World Order sound valid, and I whole-heartedly agree with some points, but the absurdity arises when considering that the world's 200-odd nations have diverse agendas when it comes to development and diplomacy. 从逻辑而言，要求形成新的世界秩序听似正确，而且我真心实意地同意一些观点，但是，考虑到世界上二百余个国家在发展和外交上有不同的议事日程，这种要求就显得荒谬了。 155. In spite of claims to the contrary, it is common knowledge that corporal punishment most often has the exact opposite affect intended. 尽管有相反的主张，但是大家都知道体法在多数情况下产生适得其反的效果。 156. We were brought up to believe that the role of a man was to provide and the role of a woman was to care for the household and family. Today, however, role reversal is becoming increasingly commonplace. 我们从小就相信男人的角色市提供生活所需，女人的角色是照顾家庭和子女。然而，今天，角色的互换变得越来越普遍。 157. Some people tend to tenaciously cling to the misguided concept of racial superiority. Their persistence in doing so, however, does readily reveal the inferior mentality and social incompatibility of certain human beings. 一些人顽强地坚持种族优越性的错误观点。然而，他们坚持这样做正揭示了某些人自卑的心理和社会对立性。 158. Some people claim the efficacy of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) far exceeds that of Western-style pharmaceuticals. More often than not, however, the exact opposite is true. 有的人声称中药的功效远远好于西药。但是，通常情况下，事实正好相反。 159. Workers commonly complain that causes for labor disputes rest solely on the shoulders of management. Quite likely the opposite is true. 工人经常抱怨劳资纠纷的责任完全在管理者的肩上。很可能正好相反。 160. There are those who claim that competition brings out the best in people. Others contend it simply forces one person to prove he/she is better than another. Advocates vociferously support one position or the other. I suggest the former proposition bears greater relevance than the latter. 有些人认为竞争促使人们发挥出最优秀的东西。另一些人认为它只是强迫一个人证明他/她比别人更优秀。提倡者叫嚣着支持其中的一个立场。我认为前一个立场比后一个立场更恰当。 161. Claiming something is true misses the point, while presenting verifiable fact proves its correctness. 声称某样东西是正确的没有什么意义，而提出可以证实的事实能证明它的正确性。 162. Suggesting that one thing ... is better than another thing ... bears no more significance than insinuating that black is better than white . 暗示一件东西比另一件东西更好比旁敲侧击地说黑比白好并没有更大的意义。 163. Ignoring cause and effect is exactly the same thing as failing to look both ways when crossing a busy intersection. 忽略因果就相当于横穿繁忙的十字路口时没有朝两边看。 164. One who advocates the rights of homosexuals should not be surprised by the belligerent stance of opposition forces. 主张同性恋者的权利的人对反对力量的好战姿态不应感到奇怪。 165. The greatest problem with political and religious zealots is their total inability to consider the views of others. 政治和宗教狂热者的最大问题在于他们完全不能考虑别人的观点。 166. The basic stumbling block to global peace rests with the self-serving ambitions of many nations. 全世界和平的基本障碍物在于许多国家谋私利的野心。 167. The overemphasis on one particular aspect of a problem often obscures the relevance of other issues. 过分强调问题的一个方面经常掩盖了其他方面的相关性。 168. Any presumption that smoking is in anyway beneficial is totally preposterous. 任何对抽烟不管怎样是有益的假设都是完全荒谬的。 169. The fallacies of many arguments are quite obvious. 许多论证的推论错误是相当明显的。 170. Arbitrarily dismissing the direct link between increasing sexual promiscuity and the rapid spread of sexually transmitted diseases would be foolhardy. An even more foolish mistake would center on denying the need for extensive sex education programs worldwide. 武断地无视性乱行为的增多和性传播疾病的迅速蔓延之间的直接联系是鲁莽的。一个更愚蠢的错误是否认在世界范围内开展广泛的性教育项目的必要性。 171. There is absolutely no reason for us to believe that a brighter future for the world is impossibility. 我们丝毫没有理由相信，世界不可能会有一个更光明的未来。 172. Meteorologists offer computer models leaving little doubt that this year's El Nino phenomenon has disappeared. 气象学家提供计算机模型，充分证明今年的厄尔尼诺现象已经消失了。 173. Facts prove the unjustifiability ? of claims that China will be unable to feed itself by the year 2020 . 事实证明：断言中国到2020年将不可能养活自己是不合道理的。 174. Previous explanations of the rising divorce rate in China are simply untenable. The fact is that many marriages were simply based on convenience and wives are no longer willing to accept the abusive domineering attitudes of husbands. 以前对中国离婚率升高的解释是完全站不住脚的。事实是许多婚姻仅仅建立在便利的基础上，而且妻子不再愿意接受丈夫作威作福的态度。 175. Claim that entering the Chinese market offers foreign companies an immediate road to profits are grossly misstated and have been proven wrong time and again . The key to entering China rests with the phraseology “vast potential market”, and how long one is willing to wait for returns. 声称进入中国市场会给外国公司带来立即获利的途径是非常错误的，事实已经一次次地证明了这一点。进入中国的关键在于“广阔的潜在市场”这一说法以及为了回报愿意等待多久。 176. Parents are not wrong in enforcing good study habits, but they must not do so at the expense of stifling normal child development. 家长把好的学习习惯强加给孩子没有错，但是，他们这么做不能以抑制儿童的正常发展为代价。 177. It is quite reasonable to assume that modern science and technology (S&T) will continue to advance. It is no less reasonable to believe that S&T will radically improve the way we live. However, the same reasoning cannot be applied to improving social interaction. 假定现代科学技术将继续进步是很有道理的。相信科技会大幅度地改变我们的生活方式也是同样有道理的。然而，同样的逻辑不能用于改善社会上的相互作用。 178. Belief in the wonders of modern medical science is quite understandable. It is also quite possible that our faith in the ability of scientists to find the key for prolonging life is well-founded. Yet, the wisdom of prolonging life remains in question when considering the already massive global population and projected future growth. 相信现代医学的奇迹是可以理解的。很有可能我们相信科学家能够找到延长生命的关键也是有根据的。但是，考虑到已经非常庞大的世界人口和预计的未来的增长，延长生命是否明智仍有疑问。 179. It is one thing to support euthanasia, but quite another to offer any justification for genocide. 支持安乐死是一回事，为种族灭绝提供正当的理由是另一回事。 180. Claiming the need for censorship is one thing, but rationally proving its redeeming values represents a quite different issue. 主张审查制度的必要性是一回事，理智地证明它的可取之处是完全不同的另一回事。 181. Chances are that man will eventually land on Mars. 人类有可能最终登陆火星。 182. The likelihood for peace in the Middle East remains questionable. 中东和平的可能性仍让人怀疑。 183. The necessity for nuclear nonproliferation seems clear. 防止核扩散的必要性似乎清清楚楚。 184.  It is perhaps more accurate to consider the family as a blanket of security rather than a cloak of bondage. 把家庭看作保护安全的毯子可能比把它看做束缚的斗篷更确切。 185. While generalizations are dangerous, it is quite safe to present solid evidence. 抽象概括是危险的,但是,提供确凿的证据是万无一失的。 186. It seems almost certain that China will achieve this year's economic growth targets. 中国将完成今年经济增长的目标似乎是毫无疑问的。 187. Reaching this year's growth targets is almost a certainty. 达到今年的增长目标几乎是必然的。 188. The urgency of the situation makes it necessary to reiterate the monumental problems of population growth. 情况的紧迫性使我们有必要重申人口增长的重大问题。 189. A recent study revealed the surprising fact that many students pass examinations by relying on nothing more than rote memorization. It is horrifying to think that students graduate without a thorough understanding of the subject matter. 最近的一项研究显示了一个令人惊讶的事实：许多学生仅仅依靠死记硬背通过考试。想到学生对主题没有透彻地理解就毕业了是令人震惊的。 190. Needless to say, advertising sells products. Where would we be without it? Shelves would be empty, consumers would have few choices and products information would disappear. 毋庸讳言，广告推销产品。没有它，情况将会怎样？货架将空空如也，消费者的选择将减少，产品的信息将消失。 191. The plain truth is that people are most often self-centered. 明显的事实是人经常是以自我为中心的。 192. There's little wonder why young people often find it difficult to find an appropriate role model. No wonder they drink, smoke, fright, carouse and otherwise engage in inappropriate social behavior. 年轻人发现很难找到合适的榜样并不奇怪。难怪他们喝酒、抽烟、打架、狂欢作乐或者做出不当的社会举动。 193. It should come as no surprise to learn that many abused children become abusers later in life. 发现很多受虐待的儿童后来虐待别人不应该感到奇怪。 194. There is probably a great deal of truth in the assertion that unscrupulous brokers are salivating at the thought of unsophisticated investors entering the securities market . 断言不道德的经纪人想到没有经验的投资者进入股票市场就垂涎三尺可能有一定的道理。 195. There's little doubt that China has spawned a new generation of “Little Emperors” , but the truth is that the fault rests with parents who " spare the rod to spoil the child " and not with children themselves . 毫无疑问，中国产生了新一代“小皇帝”，但事实是责任在于“闲了棍子，惯了孩子”的家长，而不是孩子自己。 196. There's little justification for objections to sex education. In fact, even a minimal introduction to consequences of sexual interaction (the birds’ and the bees’) might have dramatically changed the lives of many people. 反对性教育几乎是没有道理的。实际上，最小限度的介绍性行为的后果（鸟和蜜蜂的）可能戏剧性地改变许多人的生活。 197. We can safely say that the world continues to turn and things have changed dramatically, but we can never claim the world is a safer place. 我们可以稳妥地说世界在继续传动，情况发生了巨大的变化，但是，我们永远不能声称世界变得更加安全了。 198. We can say this and we can say that, but the most important thing is not to say, but instead to do. 我们可以说这说那，但最重要的事不是说，而是做。 199. Divided we fall, united we conquer. This does not mean that conquest is the goat, but instead that unified efforts yield positive results. 分离就会垮台，团结就能征服。这不是说征服是目的，而是说团结一致的努力会产生积极的结果。 200. Historically speaking, our ancestors placed great emphasis on filial piety. 历史上，我们的祖先很重视孝顺。 201. It doesn't follow that one should abandon a workable plan simply because of minor setbacks. So doing would quite frankly be foolish. 一个人不能因为几个小挫折就放弃一个可行的计划。这样做的确很愚蠢。 202. One corrupt politician does not suggest that all politicians are bad. Any such presumption is totally misguided. 有一个腐败的政府官员不能说明所有的政府官员都是坏的。这样的假设完全是被误导的。 203. Don't get the idea that money grows on trees, or that there's such a thing as a free ride. 不要以为钱长在树上，也不要以为有免费的午餐。 204. Along with interest in music comes a greater awareness of culture. 伴随着对音乐的兴趣的是对文化更清晰的认识。 205. It's not that I don't want to be rich and famous. Obviously I do, but just haven't as yet found the way to get there. 并不是我不想致富成名。我当然想，但是还没有找到致富成名的途径。 206. If the claims of the other side prove true, we may be forced to alter our position. 如果对方的主张被证明是正确的，我们可能被迫要改变我们的立场。 207. The urgent need for nuclear nonproliferation is undeniable. Moreover, failure to halt the spread of weapons of mass destruction increases the chance for nuclear holocaust. 防止核扩散的紧迫性是不可否认的。此外，制止大规模杀伤性武器扩散的失败增加了核毁灭的可能性。 208. Having recognized the problem, it follows that we must develop a plan of action. 意识到了问题，接下去我们必须制定行动计划。 209. Governments have reached a consensus on the need for peace and it follows that actions speak louder than words. 政府一致同意和平的必要性，接下去就是行动胜于语言了。 210. The convincing proof that smoking causes cancer has failed to convince hundreds of millions of people to abandon the vile habit . 抽烟致癌的有力证据没能说服数百万人改掉这一恶习。 211. Traffic laws are of little use if drivers simply ignore them and law enforcement departments fail to adopt effective enforcement programs. 如果司机完全无视交通法，法律实施部门不能采取有效的实施程序，交通法就没有一点儿作用。 212. Agricultural modernization cannot be achieved unless the government substantially increases funding; farmers accept advanced agronomic techniques; and consumers engaged in a concerted effort to reduce unnecessary and exorbitant waste. 除非政府大幅度地增加投资；农民接受高级的农业技术；消费者共同努力减少不必要的过度的浪费，农业现代化就不能实现。 213. Effective flood control is not only necessary, but is also essential for protecting the lives of millions of Chinese citizens. 有效地控制洪水不仅是必要的，而且对保护数百万中国公民的生命来说是必不可少的。 214. Simple expressions of indignation are no substitute for meaningful actions to right a wrong. 仅仅表示愤慨不能取代改正错误的有意义的行动。 215. Even modest increases in education allocations are better than none. 甚至对教育拨款的适度增加都比不增加好。 216. The slightest miscalculations in trajectory can spell doom for a successful space mission. 对轨道的细小的计算错误可以意味着对成功的太空任务的灭顶之灾。 217. Anyone with one eye and half sense (common sense) knows that good prevails over evil. 任何一个有一只眼睛和一半判断力（常识）的人都知道邪不压正。 218. It is impossible to reach appropriate conclusions without access to relevant information. 没有相关的信息不可能得出相关的结论。 219. The fact remains that the consequences of drug misuse and abuse can be devastating upon the entire community. 实际情况仍然是误用和滥用药物的后果对整个社会都会是破坏性的。 220. Respect is given where respect is due. 尊敬只给予值得尊敬的人。 221. It really doesn't matter whether a cat is black or white, but instead whether or not it can catch the mouse. 猫是黑是白真的不重要，重要的是它是不是能抓老鼠。 222. Whatever the outcome, we must resolutely proceed with our adjective. 无论结果如何，我们必须坚定地继续为目标而努力。 223. However great the will to achieve, and however great the demand to succeed, one should never abandon his/her moral and social consciousness. 无论成功的决心多么坚定，成功的要求多么强烈，一个人永远不能丧失他/她的道德和社会觉悟。 224. However pressing the need and urgency of the problem one should not precede without a plausible plan. 无论需要多么紧迫，问题多么紧急，一个人不能没有看似有理的计划就开始行动。 225. Rising crime is often cited as a prime example of mounting social decay. 犯罪的上升经常被当作越来越严重的社会倒退的主要例子。 226. Bill Gates, founder of Microsoft, is a classic example of success. 微软的创始人比尔•盖茨是成功的经典范例。 227. Persistence pays off! A case in point centers on the ongoing negotiations and anticipated eminent resolution of the Middle East peace process. 坚持不懈能取得好结果！一个恰当的例子是正在进行的关于中东和平进程的谈判和预期达成的引人注目的决议。 228. The advertisement is a perfect example of misleading content designed to fool consumers. 广告是为愚弄消费者而设计的误导内容的很好的例子。 229. The land for peace deal represents a concrete agreement which will end conflict and bring stability to the Middle East. 达成和平协议的余地代表一个具体的协定，它将结束争端，给中东带来稳定。 230. We should gather additional facts to support existing evidence and illustrate the correctness of the contention. 我们需要收集更多的事实支持现有的证据，并证明论点的正确性。 231. A few more examples should be added to highlight the already familiar facts. 还需要增加几个例子强调已经很熟悉的真相。 232. We can cite Nelson Mandela's experience as an excellent example of overcoming adversity. 我们可以把纳尔逊•曼德拉的经历作为克服困境的很好的例子。 233. History abounds with great men worthy of adulation and emulation. 历史上有很多值得称赞和效法的伟人。 234. I, for one, will steadfastly resist any attempts to justify violence as a means to an end. 拿我来说，我会坚决抵制任何证明暴力是达到目的的一种正当手段的企图。 235. Take the “Gang of Four” as an example of a group of zealots who attempted to usurp power to serve their own purposes. 以“四人帮”为例，他们是一群企图篡权为自己的目的服务的狂热者。 236. Racial cleansing serves as a case in point to illustrate the lengths some people will go to prove their superiority. 种族清洗是恰当的例子，用来说明一些人为了证明他们的优越性而走了多远。 237. We can safely assume that the indiscriminate acts of our generation will have an adverse impact on future generations. 我们可以万无一失地想当然认为我们这一代人任意的行为将给未来的人造成负面的影响。 238. Recurring themes are readily discernible in the annals of history. There's little doubt that history does, in fact, repeat itself. 在历史纪录上完全可以找到重复的主题。实际上，毫无疑问，历史会重演。 239. Numerous examples might be cited to support fallacious claims, but they most often lack a relevance to the issue under discussion. 可能有很多例子支持错误的主张，但它们经常缺少和正在讨论的问题的相关性。 240. I can think of nothing better than a nice cold beer on a hot summer afternoon. 在夏季炎热的下午，我想不出什么东西比一杯冰凉可口的啤酒更好。 241. Perhaps there's no better example of high-level corruption than the case of former Beijing Mayor Chen Xitong. 也许没有比前北京市市长陈希同更好的高层腐败的例子。 242. The airliner crash is seen as merely the tip of an iceberg. 这次飞机坠落被看作仅仅是冰山一角（只是其中的一个例子）。 243. The importance of exercise to good health is only one example of aspects of life people most often take for granted. 锻炼对健康的重要性只是生活中人们想当然的事情的一个例子。 244. Just imagine how great the word would be if we would only exhibit greater concern for our fellowman. 想象一下如果我们稍微多关心一下我们的同胞，世界将变得多美好。 245. Suppose we're on a ship that hits an iceberg. Do we flip a coin to see who gets the seat on the lifeboat, or do we resort to violence to ensure our self-preservation? 假设我们在一艘撞到冰山的船上。我们会抛硬币决定谁上救生船，还是会诉诸暴力以求得自保。 246. Let's just assume that we've been lifelong friends and while you have food, I have none. Would you share your good fortune with me, or would you let me starve? 假设我们是一生的朋友，你有食物，而我没有。你会和我分享食物还是会让我饿死？ 247. Just think of what would happen if one nuclear power launched a preemptive on another. 试想一下一个核大国先发制人会出现什么情况。 248. There are many avenues to explore before we reach a final decision. 在我们做出最后决定之前有很多可以探索的途径。 249. It is rare to find a person willing to totally abandon the comforts of life simply to help others. 一个人仅仅为了帮助别人而愿意完全放弃生活的舒适是很罕见的。 250. We should point out that the evidence is purely circumstantial. 我们应该指出，证据完全是依情况而定的。 251. We must admit that the overwhelming volume of indisputable circumstantial evidence far outweighed the presumption of innocence. 我们必须承认，大量无可辩驳的详尽的证据远远压倒了关于清白的假设。 252. We have to accept the facts no matter how astonishing they might sound. 无论它们听上去多么让人诧异，我们都必须接受这些事实。 253. We must point out that feigning ignorance of the plight of poverty-stricken people is simply an irresponsible act on the part of ignorance. 我们必须指出，假装不知道穷人的困境完全是出于无知的不负责任的表现。 254. The apparent success of this summer's flood control effort doesn't alter the fact a massive effort will be required to complete the reconstruction program. 今年夏天的洪水控制取得了明显的胜利，这并不能改变需要付出巨大的努力来完成重建工作这一事实。 255. Some people criticize the United Nations for gross financial mismanagement, but their accusations fail to detract from the fact that the greatest portion of the organization's 1997 budget went for humanitarian assistance programs. 有的人批评联合国总体财政管理不善，但这一组织1997年最大的一部分预算用于人道主义援助，这些人的指控无法从这一事实中得出。 256. The continuing wanton loss of life provides ample justification for NATO intervention in Kosovo. 大量生命的不断丧失为北约干涉科索沃提供了充足的理由。 257. Ample evidence exists to prove that hereditary factors contribute to alcoholism. 存在丰富的证据证明遗传因素是酗酒的部分原因。 258. There is every reason to believe that China's resumption of sovereignty over Macao in 1999 will proceed smoothly. 完全有理由相信1999年中国对澳门恢复行使主权将进展顺利。 259. There is strong evidence to show that the hole in the Ozone Layer is expanding at an alarming rate. 有确凿的证据显示臭氧层上的空洞正在以惊人的速度扩大。 260. All reliable information points to the fact that the Y2K Virus (Millennium Bug) will create havoc with computer systems worldwide at the turn of the century. 所有可靠的证据表明，2000年病毒（千年虫）在世纪之交的时候会造成全世界计算机系统的混乱。 261. Statistical evidence lends support to the view that a massive influx of funding is needed to strengthen crime prevention programs. 统计数据证明加强防止犯罪的工作需要大量资金投入。 262. Personal experience has taught that kindness to others pays untold dividends. 个人经验告诉我：和善地对待别人会得到数不清的好处。 263. Case histories show that all nations face recurring periods of economic fluctuations. 案例记录表明：所有国家都面临循环出现的经济波动期。 264. Personal experience leads me to conclude that all people need to take time to smell the roses (evaluate and appreciate the many good things they have in their lives). 个人经验使我得出这样的结论：所有人都需要有时间放松（评价并欣赏他们生活中许多美好的事物）。 265. Recent studies conducted by doctors show that excessive exposure to rays of the sun causes skin cancer. 最近医生所做的研究表明：过度暴露在阳光下会致癌。 266. In 1997, nationwide surveys were conducted and it revealed a dramatic rise in the ownership of television sets, refrigerators, air conditioners and washing machines. 1997年所做的全国范围内的调查显示电视机、电冰箱、空调和洗衣机拥有量大幅升高。 267. History tells us that mankind has a tendency to repeat past mistakes. 历史告诉我们人类有重蹈覆辙的趋势。 268. We have amassed ample objective proof to show the urgent need for crisis intervention in suspected child abuse cases. 我们已经积累了充足的客观证据证明急需干涉可疑的虐待儿童的案件。 269. Unfortunately, available evidence fails to establish any direct link between smoking and cancer. 不幸的是，现有的证据不能证明抽烟和癌症之间有直接的联系。 270. Fortunately, mountains of reliable evidence proves the direct link between smoking and cancer beyond any shadow of the doubt. 庆幸的是，大量可靠的证据证明抽烟和癌症有直接联系是毫无疑问的。 271. Television violence has contributed directly to rising crime , as evidenced by statistics showing a dramatic rise in copycat crimes . 数据显示模仿的犯罪行为有大幅度的增加，这证明电视暴力是犯罪增加的一部分直接原因。 272. The introduction of advanced agronomic techniques has contributed greatly to the development of agriculture, as indicated by statistics showing increased output in each of the past five years. 数据显示在过去的五年中，每一年的产量都有提高，这表明发达的农业技术的引入对农业发展起到了很大的作用。 273. While it may appear that the gap between rich and poor people is narrowing somewhat, recently released evidence suggests that the opposite is true. 贫富之间的差距看似有一定的缩小，但是最近发布的证据表明事实正好相反。 274. While attaining world peace remains within the realm of possibility, the prevailing trend revolves around regional conflicts and internal strife in many countries. 获得世界和平是有可能的，但是普遍的趋势是存在地区冲突和许多国家内部的斗争。 275. Although statistics are quite often far less reliable than one might wish, other reliable information allows one to closely approximate industrial output figures. 尽管数据经常比人们希望的不可靠得多，但是，其他可靠的信息使人们能得到接近工业产量的数字。 276. Although random sampling used for many surveys fails to cover large segments of the population, the procedure nonetheless offers insight into voting and consumption patterns. 虽然许多调查所用的随机取样不能覆盖大部分人口，但是这一过程使人们能更深刻地理解选举和消费的模式。 277. The need for more government services has proved to be the case time and again. 事实多次证明需要更多的政府服务工作。 278. The funny thing about marriage is that the newness soon wears off. 婚姻的一个可笑之处是新鲜感马上就没有了。279. There are instances when one must abandon the tendency for self-prevention in order to assist a person in grave danger. 存在这样的情况：为了帮助处于严重危险中的人，一个人必需抛弃自保的倾向。 280. There are situations in which it's highly advisable for a person to control his/her temper and keep his/her mouth shut. 有些情况下，一个人控制住自己的脾气并保持沉默是明智的。 281. Gone are the days when Chinese people could expect cradle to death support from the government. 中国人可以指望政府提供从出生到死亡的资助的日子已经不复存在了。 282. The days when one could safely walk city streets at night are gone. 一个人可以在夜里安全地走在城市街道上的日子已经过去了。 283. China's population almost doubled to 1.2 billion people during the 1955-1995, according to the National Census Bureau. 根据全国人口普查局的数据，中国人口在1955年至1995年期间几乎翻了一番，增加到12亿。 284. A report by the Department of Education estimates that the student-teacher ratio in China is four times higher than in the United States. 教育部的一份报告估计中国的学生和老师的比例比美国高四倍。 285. Official figures released by the Ministry of Transportation show that motor vehicle fatalities have more than tripled since 1995. 交通部公布的官方数据表明机动车死亡事故从1995年起已经翻了两番多。 286. Women accounted for less than two percent of the total number of deputies to the National People's Congress in 1990, compared with almost 12 percent in 1998. 1990年，全国人民代表大会的妇女代表所占比例不到总人数的2%，1998年大约是12%。 287. Some 140 major state-owned companies have either declared bankruptcy or entered into mergers during 1998, up a whopping 75 percent on the total number for the 10-year period between 1985-1995. 1998年，已经有大约140个大的国有公司宣布破产或被兼并，与1985年到1995年这十年间的总数相比超出75%。 288. China's illiteracy rate has dropped by some 60 percent over the past few years, but nonetheless remains at one of the highest levels for any developing nation. 在过去的几年中，中国的文盲率下降了约60%，但仍是发展中国家中较高的。 289. The steady three-year annual rise in the export rate between 1995 and1997 has been followed by steadily failing prices during 1998 and the trend is expected to continue indefinitely. 1995年到1997年，出口率持续稳定增长之后，1998年，价格稳步下跌，预计这一趋势会无限期地持续下去。 290. It is essential to examine every angle in order to fully understand the nature of a perplexing problem. 为了全面理解一个复杂问题的本质，必须从每个角度进行考查。 291. We must engage in thorough discussions in order to gain a better sense of the most appropriate and effective way to proceed with the project. 我们必须进行充分的讨论，以便更好地理解继续实施计划最合适和有效的途径。 292. We must develop a foolproof argument in order to effectively illustrate the urgency of implement stringent environmental protection measures. 为了有力地证明贯彻严格的环境保护措施的紧迫性，我们必须进行简单明了的论证。 293. A comparative analysis of the positive and negative aspects of the Three Gorges Project will perhaps provide us with a better sense of the eventual impact of the massive water control program. 三峡工程利弊的对比分析可能会使我们更清楚地认识这一庞大的治水工程的最终影响。 294. Incompatibility provides only a partial explanation for the rising divorce rate. Perhaps the most significant factors center on abuse, the immaturity of one spouse or the other, and quite simply the lack of things in common. 不能和谐相处只是不断升高的离婚率的部分原因。最重要的因素可能是某一方的陋习和不成熟，以及仅仅因为缺乏共同的东西。 295. The success of a company is directly related to the competency of its managers. 一个公司的成功与它的管理人员的能力直接相关。 296. Mental disorientation is but one of the many effects of alcohol consumption. Another is anti-social behavior, and still another is physical deterioration. 将神上的迷惑只是喝酒的众多后果之一，另一后果是反社会的行为，还有体质下降。 297. Apart from providing sheer enjoyment, music provides one with the opportunity to escape the daily pressures of life and enter an aesthetic world of sensual pleasure. 音乐除了带来纯粹的享受，还提供机会逃避日常生活的压力，进入一个感官享受的审美世界。 298. In spite of the costs involved space exploration is absolutely necessary to solve the puzzles of the Universe. 尽管太空探索代价很高，但它对于揭开宇宙之谜来说是完全需要的。 299. On the one hand, technological advances yield beneficial results, while on the other they create problems which threaten our very existence. 一方面，技术进步产生有益的结果，但另一方面，也制造了危及我们生存的问题。 300. There are other social factors worth serious considerations in evaluating those special behaviors. 在评价这些特殊行为时，需要考虑其他的一些社会因素。http://daren.sharewithu.com/index.php?app=blog&mod=Index&act=swu_show_blog&id=3314&mid=547 【相关】On Editing http://www.douban.com/group/topic/31144495/


评论内容：
评论id：362505066
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2012-07-12 18:31:51
内容：
咦，这个审核超快的嘛。

评论id：362515900
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2012-07-12 19:15:26
内容：
我的广播 2012-07-12 17:42:08 说： #网路资源#如果要拿来当教材用，至少有两个问题要留心：1、该材料是否有达到“教材”应有的水准；2、视编辑粗糙程度斟酌一下自己的编辑成本，时间。#总结XBX#http://www.douban.com/people/manyishu/status/967204533/

评论id：362732536
评论人id：manyishu
发表时间：2012-07-13 13:33:39
内容：
打印下来读，读到第二页，停下来了。不读了。

