话题 id: 32216746
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2012-08-24 16:28:01
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/32216746/
标题: ↓889_871 A1 Economist 20120805 Huawei
帖子内容: 
Chinese multinationals Who’s afraid of Huawei? The rise of a Chinese world-beater is stoking fears of cyber-espionage. Techno-nationalism is not the answer Aug 4th 2012 1) followed Mao’s strategy of using the countryside to encircle and capture the cities 2) Westerners fret that the networks the firm is building are used by Chinese spooks to eavesdrop during peacetime and could be shut down suddenly during wartime. 3) They see the firm as a potent weapon in China’s burgeoning cyber-arsenal. 4) And in America, where Huawei’s attempts to grow have often been stymied, a congressional committee that focuses on intelligence matters is putting the firm under a microscope; suspicions have been aggravated by a recent spate of cyber-attacks attributed to Chinese hackers. 5) Arguments against imports always need to be viewed with caution, since they will be used by protectionists to keep emerging rivals out. Still, it is reasonable to worry about security in telecoms: recent reports have pointed to the efforts of Chinese state-sponsored hackers to vacuum up valuable Western commercial secrets on a massive scale. Western intelligence agencies are also alert to the risks of eavesdropping and cyber-attacks because they themselves are practitioners (a prime example being the Stuxnet virus, aimed at Iran’s nuclear programme). As for Huawei, a firm that controls a network’s creation and management is ideally placed to sneak in malware and sneak out sensitive data. Even though it is a private company with an awful lot to lose if it were caught spying, the power of the state in China’s version of capitalism means the West is right to be vigilant. 6) But banning Huawei from bidding for commercial contracts is wrongheaded, for two reasons. One is that ... 7) The answer is to insist on greater scrutiny all round, not just of Chinese firms. Governments should be crystal-clear about what conditions telecoms firms need to meet to win business—something America’s secretive security-review process does not do today. Featured comments 1) In software and services it will be harder for Huawei to catch up than it was in hardware. A highly hierarchical company like Huawei may be good at optimising and combining technology, but may not be good at providing high-end services and writing cutting-edge software. 2) "Any damn fool can put on a deal, but it takes genius, faith and perseverance to create a brand," David Ogilvy 3) CA-OxonianAug 2nd, 15:58 Two key points: first, the article is correct in stating that supposedly "western" equipment (of all kinds including phones & computers, as well as core network equipment) has long had components made in China. Second, there's absolutely no way to ensure the security of a global supply chain. When even a networked printer could be the point of entry for a malicious intrusion, there's simply no feasible approach to ensuring system security in the old-fashioned sense. Nor would spot check audits accomplish anything: most naughty stuff is too complex and well-hidden for bureaucratic investigators to find and understand. The only real solution will be to rethink the way we do security in order to ensure that even if our computers and networks are very leaky (which they are today, only everyone is pretending otherwise) we can nevertheless have confidence in (i) the security of data, and (ii) the resilience of operating systems against attacks. This will of course require fairly significant modifications to today's feature-oriented approach to software development but sooner or later it has to happen. Might even come about as a result of a general move over the next decade towards information-centric networking (as opposed to today's destination-oriented paradigm). http://www.economist.com/node/21559922【上行】↓889_871 A1 Economist http://www.douban.com/group/topic/31680853/


（无评论）
