话题 id: 5427303
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2009-02-18 15:49:25
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/5427303/
标题: [参-英] 温总理报告最新词汇和句型
帖子内容: 
最新词汇:取消农业税：The agricultural tax was rescinded财税体制：fiscal and taxation systems载人航天飞行：Manned spaceflights月球探测工程：moon exploration project免费义务教育：Free compulsory education城乡公共文化服务体系：urban and rural system of public cultural services残奥会：Paralympics民主法制建设：democracy and the legal system城镇居民人均可支配收入：Urban per capita annual disposable income农村居民人均纯收入：rural per capita annual net income社会保障体系：a social safety net全面建设小康社会：building a moderately prosperous society in all respects综合国力：overall national strength科学发展观：Scientific Outlook on Development宏观调控：macroeconomic regulation存款准备金率：required reserve ratio存贷款基准利率：benchmark interest rates for savings and loans出口退税：export tax rebates前沿技术研究：leading-edge technologies第三代移动通信：third generation mobile communications超级杂交水稻：super-hybrid rice自主知识产权：Chinese intellectual property rights青藏铁路：The Qinghai-Tibet Railway三峡工程：Three Gorges Project西电东送、西气东输：the projects to send electricity and gas from China's western region to the eastern region南水北调工程：the project to divert water from southern China to northern China节能减排：saving energy and reducing emissions股份制改革：stockholding system in SOEs上市：be listed on stock markets股权分置改革: reform of the shareholder structure制假售假: sale of counterfeit goods非法传销: pyramid scheme商业欺诈: commercial frau盗版侵权: piracy and infringement on others' rights进口配额: import quotas“走出去”战略: "go global" strategy人才强国战略: The strategy of reinvigorating China through development of human resources应急医疗救治体系: emergency medical response system妇幼保健院: health centers for women and children国有企业下岗职工再就业: finding other employment opportunities for workers laid off from SOEs失业保险: unemployment insurance system养老保险制度: basic old-age insurance system合作医疗制度: rural cooperative medical care拖欠农民工工资: The problem of arrears in the wages of rural migrant workers in urban areas退役军人: demobilized military personnel储蓄存款利息税率: The tax on interest earnings from individual savings deposits个人所得税起征点: the earnings threshold for the individual income tax房屋拆迁：housing demolition农民工：rural migrant workers不良贷款：nonperforming loans遏制“台独”分裂活动：opposed and foiled secessionist activities aimed at Taiwan independence反腐败斗争：combat corruption商业贿赂：combating bribery失职渎职行为：neglect and dereliction of duty核心句型1. 无主语句的翻译  本次报告中出现大量的无主语句。无主语句翻译的两种最重要的方法：1）添加主语、  2）变为被动。例1：国有企业、金融、财税、外经贸体制和行政管理体制等改革迈出重大步伐。开放型经济进入新阶段。2007年进出口总额达到2.17万亿美元，从世界第六位上升到第三位。Major progress was made in the reform of state-owned enterprises (SOEs), the financial system, fiscal and taxation systems, the system of foreign trade and economic cooperation, and the administrative system. China has entered a new stage in developing a more open economy. Total volume of imports and exports reached $2.17 trillion in 2007, raising China from the sixth largest trading nation in the world to the third largest. 例2：创新型国家建设进展良好，涌现出一批具有重大国际影响的科技创新成果。载人航天飞行和首次月球探测工程圆满成功。  Good progress was made in efforts to make China more innovative, and a number of major scientific and technological innovations with international impact were made. Manned spaceflights and our first moon exploration project were successfully carried out.例3：城乡公共文化服务体系逐步完善。文化体制改革取得重要进展，文化事业和文化产业快速发展。上海特奥会成功举办。北京奥运会、残奥会和上海世博会筹备工作进展顺利。  Steady improvement was made in the urban and rural system of public cultural services. Significant progress was made in reform of the cultural management system, and the development of cultural programs and cultural industries was accelerated. The Shanghai Special Olympics was successfully held. Preparations for the 2008 Olympics and Paralympics in Beijing and the 2010 World Expo in Shanghai proceeded smoothly.例4：深化涉外经济体制改革，促进贸易投资便利化。放开外贸经营权，大幅度降低关税，取消进口配额、许可证等非关税措施，金融、商业、电信等服务业开放不断扩大。进出口商品结构逐步优化。利用外资质量进一步提高。实施“走出去”战略迈出坚实步伐，对外经济互利合作取得明显成效。  We deepened reform of the externally oriented economic system to facilitate trade and investment. We lifted controls over access to foreign trade, greatly lowered tariffs, rescinded non-tariff measures such as import quotas and permits, and opened banking, commerce, telecommunications and other service sectors wider. There was gradual improvement in the mix of imports and exports. There was further improvement in the utilization of foreign capital. The "go global" strategy was resolutely implemented and significant results were obtained in mutually beneficial economic cooperation with other countries2. 长句的断句：本报告中出现多个长句，如何断句，如何重组是应当学习的部分。例1：事实充分说明，过去五年是改革开放和全面建设小康社会取得重大进展的五年，//是社会生产力和综合国力显著增强的五年，是社会事业全面发展和人民得到更多实惠的五年，是我国国际地位和影响不断提高的五年。All these improvements fully demonstrate that during the past five-year period great strides were made in carrying out reform and opening up and building a moderately prosperous society in all respects. During this time the productive forces and overall national strength were significantly improved, social programs were comprehensively developed, people received even greater benefits and China's international standing and influence constantly grew. 例2：在中国共产党领导下，各级政府和全国各族人民认真贯彻党的十六大精神，齐心协力，顽强拼搏，//积极应对复杂多变的国际环境，努力克服经济社会发展中的各种困难，战胜了突如其来的严重非典疫情和历史罕见的低温雨雪冰冻等特大自然灾害，//改革开放和现代化建设取得了举世瞩目的重大成就。Under the leadership of the Communist Party of China (CPC), governments at all levels and people of all the ethnic groups in China diligently followed the guiding principles set out at the Sixteenth CPC National Congress and worked in concert and with dedication. We vigorously responded to the complex and volatile international environment, strove to overcome various difficulties hindering economic and social development, and prevailed over the sudden and severe outbreak of SARS and catastrophic natural disasters such as the recent snow and ice storms in the south that the region has rarely seen before. We made major achievements in reform, opening up and modernization, which attracted the attention of the world. 3. 并列结构的处理  文中多次出现并列结构，翻译时，太长的可以断句。一般可以用and连接或者实用“；”连接。例1：青藏铁路提前一年建成通车，三峡工程防洪、发电、航运等综合效益全面发挥，西电东送、西气东输全面投产，南水北调工程进展顺利，溪洛渡水电站、红沿河核电站、京沪高速铁路和千万吨级炼油厂、百万吨级乙烯等一批重大项目陆续开工建设，普光气田、南堡油田等勘查开发取得重大进展。    The Qinghai-Tibet Railway was opened to traffic a year ahead of time; the Three Gorges Project is fully playing its designed role in flood prevention, power generation and shipping; the projects to send electricity and gas from China's western region to the eastern region are fully operational; the project to divert water from southern China to northern China is progressing smoothly; and construction has been started on a number of major projects such as the Xiluodu Hydroelectric Plant, Hongyanhe Nuclear Power Plant, Beijing-Shanghai high-speed railway, a ten million-ton capacity oil refinery and a million-ton capacity ethylene plant.例2：我们围绕解决经济运行中的突出矛盾，注重宏观调控的预见性、及时性和有效性。几年来，针对固定资产投资增长过快、货币信贷投放过多、外贸顺差过大，以及农业基础薄弱等经济发展中不稳定、不协调、不可持续的问题，严把土地、信贷两个闸门，提高市场准入门槛，适时调整财政政策、货币政策，完善产业政策和土地政策，调整经济结构，加强薄弱环节，搞好经济运行调节。根据经济形势的变化，多次及时调整金融机构存款准备金率、存贷款基准利率，取消或降低高耗能、高排放和资源性产品的出口退税。这些宏观调控措施取得明显成效，经济连续五年保持平稳快速发展，没有出现大的起落。We endeavored to make macroeconomic regulation more proactive, responsive and effective, with the focus on resolving major problems affecting economic operation. Over the past few years, we tightened controls on the supplies of land and credit, raised market access requirements, adjusted financial and monetary policies as needed, improved industrial policies and the land policy, adjusted the economic structure, shored up weak links and effectively regulated economic operation to address problems such as overheated growth in fixed asset investment, excessive supplies of money and credit, excessively large trade surplus, and weakness in agriculture, the foundation of the economy, which could cause economic development to become unstable, unbalanced and unsustainable.


（无评论）
