话题 id: 8835549
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2009-11-29 21:05:46
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/8835549/
标题: [Speech0001] 胡锦涛主席会见记者全程实录(中英对照)
帖子内容: 
[胡锦涛]:尊敬的奥巴马总统，各位记者朋友，女士们、先生们：很高兴和各位记者朋友在这里见面。首先，我代表中国政府和人民对奥巴马总统来华进行国事访问表示热烈欢迎。PRESIDENT HU:  (As translated.) Your Excellency President Obama, and dear friends from the news media, ladies and gentlemen:  I'm very happy to meet our friends from the press and media.  To begin with, I would like to extend on behalf of the Chinese government and people a warm welcome to President Obama on his state visit.  Welcome to China.[胡锦涛]:刚才，我和奥巴马总统进行了很好的会谈，双方就发展双边关系和共同关心的重大国际和地区问题深入交换了意见，达成了广泛共识。会谈是坦诚的、建设性的、富有成果的。Just now I had very good talks with President Obama.  The two sides had in-depth exchange of views on how to further bilateral relationship and on major regional and international issues of shared interest.  The two sides reached broad, important agreement.  The talks were candid, constructive, and very fruitful.[胡锦涛]:我和奥巴马总统都认为，当前国际形势继续发生复杂、深刻变化，全球性的挑战不断增多，世界各国相互依存日益紧密，为此，需要加强国际合作。Both President Obama and I believe that at present the international situation continues to undergo profound and complex changes.  There are growing global challenges, and countries in today's world have become more and more interdependent.  In this context, it is necessary to step up international cooperation.  [胡锦涛]:在新的形势下，中美两国在事关人类和平与发展的一系列重大问题上有着广泛的共同利益和广阔的发展空间。我和奥巴马总统都积极评价美国新一届政府就职以来中美关系的发展，一致同意坚持从战略的高度和长远的角度出发，加强对话、交流、合作，共同努力建设21世纪积极、合作、全面的中美关系，并将采取切实行动，稳步建立应对共同挑战的伙伴关系，为促进世界的和平、稳定、繁荣而努力。Against this new backdrop, China and United States share extensive common interests and broad prospect for cooperation on a series of major issue important to mankind's peace and stability and development.[胡锦涛]: 我和奥巴马总统都积极评价美国新一届政府就职以来中美关系的发展，一致同意坚持从战略的高度和长远的角度出发，加强对话、交流、合作，共同努力建设21世纪积极、合作、全面的中美关系，并将采取切实行动，稳步建立应对共同挑战的伙伴关系，为促进世界的和平、稳定、繁荣而努力。President Obama and I spoke positively of the progress made in the China-U.S. relationship since the new American administration took office.  We both agreed to continue to adopt a strategic and long-term perspective, increase the dialogue exchanges and cooperation, and work together to build a positive, cooperative, and comprehensive China-U.S. relationship for the 21st century.  We also agreed to take concrete actions to steadily grow a partnership between the two countries to meet our common challenges in order to contribute to world peace, stability, and prosperity.[胡锦涛]:我们都认为，保持两国高层的密切交往和其他各个级别的对话磋商，对中美关系的发展至关重要。双方同意两国领导人继续通过互访、通话、通信和在多边场合会晤等方式保持密切沟通。We both believe and maintain close high-level exchanges and dialogue and consultations at various other levels are essential to the growth of China relations.  The two sides agreed that the leaders of the two countries will continue to stay in close touch through mutual visits, telephone conversations, correspondence, and meetings of multilateral fora.[胡锦涛]:双方高度评价，中美战略与经济对话机制在加强两国互相合作方面发挥的重要作用。双方将继续落实好今年7月首轮中美战略与经济对话的成果，并尽早地着手为明年夏天在北京举行的第二轮对话做准备。The two sides spoke positively of the important role of the China-U.S. strategic and economic dialogues mechanism in enhancing the mutual trust and cooperation between the two countries.  The two sides will continue to follow through on the outcomes of the first round of the China-U.S. strategic and economic dialogues held in July this year.  And we will start as early as possible to make preparations for the second round to be held in summer next year in Beijing.[胡锦涛]:我们就当前的国际经济、金融形势交换了看法，认为当前世界经济出现了企稳回升的积极迹象，但复苏的基础并不牢固。双方重申将继续在宏观经济政策领域加强对话和合作，坚持通过平等协商、妥善处理两国经贸摩擦问题，共同维护双方经贸关系健康稳定发展。我向奥巴马总统强调，当前形势下，我们两国应该以更加坚决的态度反对和抵制各种形式的保护主义。We also exchanged views on the current international economic and financial situation, and we believed that now the world economy has shown some positive signs of stabilizing and recovery.  But the foundation for this recovery is not firmly established.  The two sides reiterated that they will continue to increase dialogue and cooperation in macroeconomic and financial policies, and they will continue to have consultations on an equal footing to properly resolve and address the economic and trade frictions in a joint effort to uphold the sound and steady growth of their business ties and trade.  I stressed to President Obama that under the current circumstances, our two countries need to oppose and reject protectionism in all its manifestations in an even stronger stand.[胡锦涛]:我们都积极评价20国集团领导人峰会在应对国际金融危机方面发挥的重要作用，我们两国将同其他成员一道，全面落实历次峰会的成果，不断加强20国集团在全球经济治理当中的作用，推进国际金融体系改革，完善全球经济治理，以防范和应对未来的危机。We both positively spoke of the important role of the G20 summit in tackling the international financial crisis.  Our two countries will work with other members and comprehensively follow through on the outcomes of the various summits.  We will also work together to continuously strengthen the role of G20 in global economic governance, advance the reform of international financial system, and improve the global economic governance to ward off and guard against future financial or economic crisis.[胡锦涛]:我们同意扩大两国在气候变化、能源、环境领域的合作，在共同但有区别的责任原则和各自能力的基础上，同有关各方一道推动哥本哈根大会取得积极成果。We agreed to expand our cooperation on climate change, energy, and environment.  We also agreed to act on the basis of the principle of the common but differentiated responsibilities and consistent with our respective capabilities to work with other parties concerned to help produce positive outcomes out of the Copenhagen conference.[胡锦涛]:中美两国的有关部门已签署中美关于加强气候变化、能源和环境合作的谅解备忘录等合作文件，并且正式启动了中美清洁能源联合研究中心。The complementing departments of China and the United States have already signed a number of cooperation agreements, including the MOU to enhanced cooperation on climate change, energy and environment.  The two sides have also officially launched the initiative of developing a China-U.S. clean energy research center.[胡锦涛]:我和奥巴马总统都表示，愿意在双向互利的基础上，深化两国反恐、执法、科技、航天、民用航空、高速铁路基础设施建设，农业、卫生等领域的合作，并继续推动两军关系取得更大的进展。Both President Obama and I said that we are willing to act on the basis of mutual benefit and reciprocity to deepen our cooperation on counterterrorism, law enforcement, science, technology, outer space, civil aviation, and engage in cooperation in space exploration, high-speed railway infrastructure, in agriculture, health, and other fields.  And we also agreed to work together to continue to promote even greater progress in the growth of military-to-military ties.[胡锦涛]:我们还就扩大两国的人文交流，特别是青年交流进行了探讨，支持双方建立人文交流机制，并且加强互派留学生合作。We also discussed how to expand people-to-people and cultural exchanges between the two countries, particularly the youth exchanges.  And we are supportive of the establishment of a people-to-people and cultural exchange mechanism, and we agreed to strengthen our cooperation in exchanging students.[胡锦涛]:我们都表示，坚持通过对话、协商解决朝鲜半岛核问题，符合包括中美两国在内的有关各方共同利益。双方将同有关各方一道，坚持半岛无核化和六方会谈进程，维护东北亚和平稳定。Both of us said that we will remain committed to dialogue and consultations in resolving the Korean Peninsula nuclear issue.  And such approach serves the common interests of China, the United States, and other parties concerned.  The two sides will work with other parties concerned to continue the denuclearization process of the Korean Peninsula and six-party talks process in a bid to uphold the peace and stability in Northeast Asia.[胡锦涛]:我们强调维护国际核不扩散体系，通过对话、谈判妥善解决伊朗核问题，对维护中东和海湾地区的稳定十分重要。We both stressed that to uphold the international nuclear nonproliferation regime and to appropriately resolve the Iranian nuclear issue through dialogue and negotiations is very important to stability in the Middle East and in the Gulf region.[胡锦涛]:在会谈中，我向奥巴马总统强调，中美两国国情不同，双方存在一些分歧是正常的，关键是要尊重和照顾对方的核心利益和重大关切。During the talks, I underlined to President Obama that given our differences in national conditions, it is only normal that our two sides may disagree on some issues.  What is important is to respect and accommodate each other's core interests and major concerns. [胡锦涛]:中方赞赏奥巴马总统多次重申坚持一个中国政策，遵守中美三个联合公报，在台湾等问题上尊重中国主权和领土完整。President Obama on various occasions has reiterated that the U.S. side adheres to the one-China policy, abides by the three Sino-U.S. joint communiqués, and respects China's sovereignty and the territorial integrity when it comes to the Taiwan question and other matters.  The Chinese side appreciates his statements.[胡锦涛]:双方重申互相尊重主权和领土完整这一根本原则，双方均不支持任何势力破坏这一原则的任何活动，我们将继续本着平等、相互尊重、互不干涉内政的精神就人权和宗教等问题开展对话、交流，以增进了解、减少分歧、扩大共识。The two sides reaffirmed the fundamental principle of respecting each other's sovereignty and territorial integrity.  Neither side supports any attempts by any force to undermine this principle.  We will continue to act in the spirit of equality, mutual respect, and a noninterference in each other's internal affairs, and engage in dialogue and exchanges on such issues as human rights and religion in order to enhance understanding, reduce differences, and broaden common ground.[胡锦涛]:女士们、先生们：中美关系十分重要，维护和促进中美关系是双方的共同责任，中方愿意同美方一道推动中美关系持续、健康、稳定发展，以更好地造福两国人民和世界人民。Ladies and gentlemen, the China-U.S. relationship is very important.  To preserve and promote the growth of this relationship is a shared responsibility for both China and the United States.  The Chinese side is willing to work with the U.S. side to ensure the sustained, sound, and steady growth of this relationship to the greater benefits of peoples of our two countries and people throughout the world.[胡锦涛]:谢谢大家！Thank you all.


（无评论）
