话题 id: 9455728
小组 id: FLL
楼主 id: manyishu 名号: 如果还有明天
发表时间: 2010-01-13 17:11:24
链接：http://www.douban.com/group/topic/9455728/
标题: [ese-en] 英语格言——理想
帖子内容: 
理想篇IDEAL A man is not old as long as he is seeking something. A man is not old until regrets take the place of dreams. J Barryomre, American Bctor 只要一个人还有所追求，他就没有老。直到后悔取代了梦想，一个人才算老。美国演员巴里穆尔，J。 And love, young men ,and venerate the ideal. The ideal is the word of God. High above every country, high above humanity, is the country of the spirit, the city of the soul. Giuseppe Mazzini, Italian statesman 青年人啊，热爱理想吧，崇敬理想吧。理想是上帝的语言。高于一切国家和全人类的，是精神的王国，是灵魂的故乡。意大利政治家马志尼，G。 Between the ideal and the reality, Between the motion and the act, Falls the shadow. Thomas stearns Eliot, British Poet and critic 理想与现实之间， 动机与行为之间， 总有一道阴影。 英国诗人、批评家爱略特，T，S。 Do not, for one repulse, give up the purpose that you resolved to effect. William Shakespeare, British dramatist 不要只因一次失败，就放弃你原来决心想达到的目的。 英国剧作家莎士比亚W Don't part with your illusions. When they are gone you may still exist, but you have ceased to live. Mark Twain. American writer 不要放弃你的幻想。当幻想没有了以后，你还可以生存，但是你虽生犹死。美国作家马克吐温 Have an aim in life, or your energies will all be wasted. R. Peters, American jurist 人生应该树立目标，否则你的精力会白白浪费。 美国法学家波得斯，R。 I want to bring out the secrets of nature and apply them for the hap-piness of man. I don't know of any better service to offer for the short time we are in the world. Thomas Edison, American inventor 我想揭示大自然的秘密，用来造福人类。我认为，在我们的短暂一生中，最好的贡献莫过于此了。 Ideals are like the stars----we never reach them, but like mariners, we chart our course by them. Carl Schurz, American statesman 理想犹如天上的星星，我们犹如水手，虽不能到达天上，但是我们的航程可凭它指引。美国政治家舒尔茨，c. Ideal is the beacon. Without ideal, there is no secure direction; without direction, there is no life. Leo Tolstory, Russian writer 理想是指路明灯。没有理想，没有坚定的方向；没有方向，没有生活。俄国作家托尔斯泰。L, 　If winter comes, can spring be far behind? P. B. Shelley, British poet 冬天来了，春天还会远吗？ 英国诗人雪莱，P.B. 　If you doubt yourself, then indeed you stand on shaky ground. Ibsen, Norwegian dramati 如果你不怀疑自己，那么你的立足点确实不稳固了 挪威剧作家易卜生 If you would go up high, then use your own legs! Do not let yourselves carried aloft; do not seat yourselves on other people's backs and heads. F. W. Nietzsche, German Philosopher 如果你想走到高处，就要使用自己的两条腿！不要让别人把你抬到高处；不要坐在别人的背上和头上。 If you would hit the mark, you must aim a little above it. Every arrow that flies feels the attraction of earth. Longfillow, America poet 要想射中靶，必须瞄准比靶略为高些，因为脱弦之箭都受到地心引力的影响。英国诗人朗费罗 Imagination is not to be divorced from the facts: it is a way of illu-minating the facts. Alfred North Whitehead, British phillsopher and mathematician 想象不是空穴来风，不能脱离实际情况的一种方式。英国哲学家、数学家怀特海. A. N. It enables men to construct an intellectual vision of a new world, and it preserves the zest of life by the suggestion of satisfying purpose. Alfred North Whitehead, British philosopher and mathematician 　 想象能使人理智地观察一个新世界，想象可以通过暗示令人满意的目标来使人保持对生活的热情。英国哲学家。数学家怀特海. A. N. It is at our mother's knee that we acquire our noblest and truest and highest ideals, but there is seldom any money in them. Mark Twain. American writer 就是在我们母亲的膝上，我们获得了我们的最高尚、最真诚和最远大的理想，但是里面很少有任何金钱。马克?吐温 It is great to be great, but it is greater to be human. W. Rogers, American humorist 成为伟人是美好的，做一个真正的人更美好。美国幽默家罗杰斯.W. Living without an aim is like sailing without a compass. Alexandre Dumas(Davy de La Pailleterie).French writer 生活没有目标就像航海没有指南针。 法国作家大仲马.A. Most of the trouble in the world is caused by people wanting to be im-portant. George Eliot, British novelist 人世间的大多数烦恼都是由那些想成为重要人物的人惹出来的。英国小说家艾略特.G. The ideals which have lighted my way, and time after time have given me new courage to face life cheerfully have been kindness, beauty and truth. Albert Einstein, American scientist 有些理想曾为我引过道路，并不断给我新的勇气以欣然面对人生，那些理想就是——真、善、美。美国科学家爱因斯坦.A. The important thing in life is to have a great aim, and the determination to attain it. Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, German poet and dramatist 人生重要的事情是确定一个伟大的目标，并决心实现它。德国诗人、戏剧家歌德.J. W. The man with a new idea is a crank until the idea succeeds. Mark Twain, American writer 具有新想法的人在其想法实现之前是个怪人。美国作家马克?吐温 The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today. Franklin Roosevelt, American president 实现明天理想的唯一障碍是今天的疑虑。美国总统罗斯福，F. Well is it known that ambition can creep as well as soar. Edmond Burke, British statesman 众所周知，胸有大志者能屈能伸。 英国政治家伯克.E. What makes life dreary is the want of motive. George Eliot, British novelist 没有了目的，生活便郁闷无光。 英国小说家家略特. G. When an end is lawful and obligatory, the indispensable means to it are also lawful and obligatory. Abraham Lincoln, American statesman 如果一个目的是正当而必须做的，则达到这个目的的必要手段也是正当而必须采取的。美国政治家林肯.A. You can tell the ideals of a nation by its advertisements. Norman Dorglas. British writer　 从一个国家的广告可以看出这个国家的理想。英国作家道格拉斯.N. www.cec1on1.cnhttp://www.douban.com/group/topic/8468165/


（无评论）
